I used to dream of being the Champion \Nof Parkour Civilization, but now I am.
And I gotta admit, being \Nthe Champion is pretty awesome.
Since I'm the best at parkour, \NI make the rules of Parkour Civilization.
When I was at the bottom level, I always thought \Nthat parkouring to the top would lead to a better life.
But now, under my rule, \Npeople can actually live that better life.
You know what, Evbo?
You are so humble.
I bet it's no coincidence that everything \Nin Parkour Civilization is now Evbo themed.
Okay, I'll admit the Evbo theme was intentional.
But let's be honest, you would totally do \Nthe same if you were the Champion.
I mean, I don't know if that will ever happen.
Oh, you think that's funny?
Let's parkour battle right now and see who wins.
I can't wait to be the new Champion.
Okay, come on.
Let's be real here.
You versus me?
I mean, you do remember our last battle, right?
I mean, oh, that was rough.
I think you're just scared \Nbecause you don't practice parkour anymore.
All right, if you think you can \Nout-parkour me, let's go for a battle.
Honestly, you might be right.
I don't even think I'm that good anymore.
Whoa, was that a three-block jump with a 360?
Ha! No way I can do that again, right?
Uh, anyways, you still wanna battle?
Oh, no, fine.
All right, you're still the best.
Haha, we all make mistakes.
It's okay.
Like I said, being the best in \NParkour Civilization is kind of awesome.
Not only did I save the world, but now I have \Nthe power to change things for the better.
Since I defeated the evil Champion,
I undid all of the corrupt rules \Nthat destroyed Parkour Civilization
and now life is totally different.
So this is how it works now in my civilization.
Every new player spawns at the bottom level \Nof Parkour Civilization as a Parkour Noob.
There they will learn \Nhow life works in Parkour Civilization
and probably fail their first jumps.
But even if they do it's okay because
they'll just spawn right back inside \Nthe Parkour Temple.
Once a Noob gets more experienced in parkour
they can attempt the course to rank up to try \Nto get to the next level of Parkour Civilization.
And yes, I made sure this course \Nwas actually possible
and not some evil way to make sure \Nthat people never ranked up.
If a Noob completes the course, they get \Ntheir iron boots and they become a Parkour Pro.
Now, they're on the second \Nlevel of Parkour Civilization
and the jumps are harder than the bottom level.
As a Pro, if you miss a single jump,
you'll fall back down to the Noob level \Nand you'll lose your rank.
The only way to get back up \Nis to do the course again.
But if you can handle all of the jumps at the Pro level,
you can try to make the course \Nto go even higher in Parkour Civilization.
The course to rank up is impossibly hard, \Nand if you miss one jump,
you'll die and lose your rank.
But if somehow you succeed, \Nyou get your gold boots,
and you rank up to become a Parkour Master.
Only the best players in Parkour Civilization \Ncan survive the difficulty of jumps up here,
but it doesn't stop there \Nbecause the only goal in Parkour Civilization
is to make it to the top, to become the Champion.
There's only one Champion, \Nand the only way to become one
is to beat the Champion \Nin a parkour battle, which is me again.
Haha, man, I can't stop saying it.
But I even changed the rules for myself.
So if I miss a single jump and I die, \NI'll rank down and become a Parkour Master again.
And to be honest, I still \Nhaven't figured out who would be
the next Champion after me if that ever happened.
But I'm not really worried about that.
I mean, when's the last time I've missed a jum—
NOOO!
Please! Oh, okay.
I'm gonna pretend I almost didn't \Njust lose everything I worked for.
You see, I could have just used \Nmy Totem of Undying and been fine,
but as the Champion, things are a little different.
I mean, I got a reputation to maintain.
I can't have people going around \Nthinking I can't make a water bucket.
But speaking of reputation, \Nso much of my time has been spent
trying to rebuild Parkour City for the better.
Now, life works a lot differently as a Parkour Master.
The first big change I made was to the Parkour Bank.
When I was a Master, you could only get blocks \Nif you completed daily tasks.
But after seeing what life \Nwas like back in the old days,
I decided to make blocks free again.
Now, Parkour Masters can get \Nas many blocks as they want,
and they don't have to do daily tasks.
I even updated the second floor to the Parkour Bank.
Masters can now get whatever they need to build \Nthe hardest jumps in Parkour Civilization.
But the biggest change \Nwas bringing back Totems of Undying.
Totems are free, but you're only \Nallowed to have one at a time.
I didn't want people grabbing \Nlike 20 of these and living forever
and never ranking down, so one is the max.
The next change I made was to the food supply.
When I was a Master, you had to \Nbuild your own jumps to get food,
and I was not a fan of that system \Nbecause I almost starved because of it.
So getting food is now different as a Parkour Master.
Now you have to do two four-block jumps \Nif you wanna get food.
Every day, Masters can make these jumps \Nto get three golden carrots.
Or if you're like me and you're \Nthe Parkour Champion, you never lose hunger.
So no need to do these jumps.
Uh, all right.
Well, I guess some Parkour Pros \Nabout to be eating good today.
And of course, even if you do get the food,
you still have to make \Nthe two four-block jumps to get back.
Now, onto the part that I don't really have \Nfigured out yet, and that's buying skyscrapers.
When I was a Master, \NI did two 360s to buy a skyscraper,
so I kinda like the idea of building \Na jump to buy a house.
But the problem is, \Nis that there are no more daily tasks,
so I don't know who's gonna sell the houses.
Okay, I don't have everything figured out yet, \Nbut this is my favorite part of Parkour City.
The new Parkour Arena.
Being a Noob or being a Pro is just \Nabout building your parkour skills.
But becoming a Master is when you actually \Nhave to learn how to fight with parkour.
And this is the new place to do it.
Up here, Masters have everything they need \Nto challenge each other to parkour battles.
They can battle for fun \Nor they can battle to the death.
I haven't really figured out \Nif I should set a rule on that.
But anyways, this is also the place that Masters go to
if they wanna challenge me \Nto become the Parkour Champion.
But I probably gotta change some things \Nbecause I was not ready for the first day.
All right, well, parkour battles are open to the public.
Oh, look at that.
I already got some challengers.
Wait, how many?
Bro, what?
How many people wanna challenge me?
I realized that Masters usually never saw \Nthe Parkour Champion, so this was new to them.
Hello, Champion Evbo.
I can't wait to die in this parkour battle.
Oh yeah, good luck to you too.
Wait, what?
All right, let's do this.
Parkour battle starts now.
Wait, wait, wait.
Can you please attack me with a 360 jump?
You want me to attack you with a 360?
Yes, please!
Okay, I guess I can do that.
Bro, what is going on?
Can this guy do a 360?
All right, I'm attacking you \Nwith a three-block 360 jump.
No way, you actually did the 360!
I am so confused.
What is this parkour battle?
Wait, you didn't even try it.
I know!
I get to die by The Champion Evbo's 360!
This is the best day ever!
You wanted to— Oh, shoot.
Okay, this is so weird.
If this is how all of the challenges are gonna go,
I need to make some new rules on parkour battles.
Overall, it's safe to say that things \Nare going great in Parkour Civilization.
People are now free, and life is what it should be like.
But even though things are going so well, \Nthere's still one small thing
I haven't been able to wrap my head around.
At the edge of Parkour Civilization, \Nthere's a bridge that leads to nowhere.
My friend who found this said \Nthat this wasn't here before,
meaning that whatever or whoever \Nmade this must have done it recently.
The thing is, is that no one knows \Nwhat's outside of Parkour Civilization.
Once you reach the edge, the jumps just stop \Nand there's nowhere left to go.
So far, my friend and I haven't \Nfigured out anything new, except for now.
All right, man, what's going on?
This is strange.
Something's stopping me \Nfrom building the bridge even further.
But this is where it gets weird.
I tried throwing blocks, and they just disappear.
My friend was right.
He gave me a block to throw, and when I threw it, \Nit just disappeared instead of falling.
It's like there's something here, \Nsomething that I can't see.
Alright, well, looks like \Nthere's nothing left for us to do.
I gotta go visit the old man.
I said I'd visit him like \Na long time ago and I never did.
Before we found the bridge \Nat the edge of Parkour Civilization,
the old man said he needed to tell me something \Nthat he should have told me a long time ago.
But I just got so busy with \NChampion stuff and trying to change
the entire rules of society and whatnot, \Nand I forgot to come down here.
Alright, old man, I'm ready for your story.
And of course he's gone.
Bro, why does this guy always \Ndisappear when I need him?
I need to put like a tracker on him or something.
I looked around the neighborhood \Nand I had no clue where he went
until I finally saw the old man \Njust standing in the distance.
Oh, that's a relief.
I thought he was trying \Nto pull another jump-in-the-void move on me.
Can you at least leave a sign or something \Nwhen you go places so I can find you?
Wait, what?
Why are you taking damage?
What's going on?
Evbo, you made it.
Quick, I don't have much time.
I'm old, and I'm dying, but I needed you to hear this.
No... no, no, no, no.
This can't be happening.
Why... why didn't you say anything?
I could have done something.
I don't get it!
You know I have the Command Blocks!
We... we could have found you a cure.
There is no cure for old age, my boy.
It is not my destiny to live on, but it is your destiny
to keep going and to save \NParkour Civilization once more.
I should have told you sooner about \Nthe fifth layer of Parkour Civilization,
but it is too late.
I fear that evil is returning.
The fifth layer of Parkour Civilization?
Beyond the edge, you'll find it.
If this evil returns, \NParkour Civilization will be destroyed.
That's where the bridge leads to?
Another level of Parkour Civilization.
My time is here, Evbo.
I need you to end my suffering with a parkour battle.
No, that's not fair!
You can't ask me to do that!
I'm not asking, Evbo.
I need this. Please.
I never would have thought this \Nwas what it would come to,
but the old man gave me no choice, \Nand I had to honor his word.
Thank you Evbo for everything.
You are and always will be \Na better Champion than I ever was.
I hope to be with the Parkour God now.
And just like that, the old man, \Nmy mentor, and my friend was gone.
Without him, I would have never become \Nthe Champion of Parkour Civilization.
And now there's a new evil that I'll have to \Nface alone without the help of the old man.
But he trusted me.
He knew that I was the only one \Ncapable of saving Parkour Civilization.
So now wasn't the time to stop.
Now was time to honor the old man's \Nlegacy by finding this lost civilization
and getting rid of this evil \Nbefore it destroys all of Parkour Civilization.
Alright, well, this is it.
Somewhere beyond this bridge is the lost civilization.
And I think we both know that \Nthe only way I can get there is to just jump.
Look, I don't know what's \Ngonna be on the other side,
but if anything happens, \NI trust you with Parkour Civilization.
Just make sure you get better \Nat 360s while I'm gone.
We'll both be doing 360s \Nonce we make it back together.
See you on the other side.
No, no, no, wait!
But before I could stop him, \Nmy friend jumped off the end of the bridge
and he just disappeared in thin air.
Ahh, of course he did that.
Alright, well, I guess this is now not a solo mission.
I have no way of knowing what lies \Nbeyond the bridge,
and there's a very real chance \Nthat I never see Parkour Civilization ever again.
But I spent my life fighting \Nto save Parkour Civilization,
and if there's an evil out there \Nthat threatens to destroy the world,
then I'm gonna fight again.
At the very least, I owe it to the old man to try.
Okay, time to find out if I can parkour on water.
Yep, I knew this was such a bad idea.
Okay, I'm still alive, for now.
Alright, just one jump at a time.
I only have to do like, uh, \Nfive more of those, of course.
Yep, I'm not making it back to Parkour Civilization.
In all my time in Parkour Civilization, \NI've never heard of water parkour.
But you know what they say, \Nthe first time to try is when
you're floating over the void in a civilization \Nthat you never knew existed.
The worst part is, is that I don't even know \Nif I have a way back to Parkour Civilization.
Things were going great \Nas the Champion of Parkour Civilization,
but of course, all good things come to an end.
Someone made a bridge at the edge of the world \Nthat leads to a new civilization.
And the old man told me that there's an evil here \Nthat could destroy Parkour Civilization.
The old man believed that I could be \Nthe one to save the world again.
And if that meant jumping off a bridge \Nat the edge of the world, then so be it.
After jumping, I was teleported \Nto this new civilization with one problem.
My friend was gone.
I don't know what happened to him \Nor if he's even alive still,
but all I know is that I'm stuck in a lost civilization
doing the scariest parkour I've ever done.
Okay, that was way too close.
If I ever make it back to Parkour Civilization, \NI'm adding water jumps to practice.
All right, well, now what to do?
I looked around and saw nothing.
No sign of life, no sign of my friend.
All I could do now was just parkour.
So this was supposed to be \Nthe fifth layer of Parkour Civilization.
Everywhere I looked was a three-block jump,
which is the same as it is on the Master level.
But that's when I saw something in the distance,
structures made out of blocks \Nthat I've never seen before.
The old man was telling the truth, \Nthere is a civilization out here.
But how did they get this far away \Nfrom Parkour Civilization?
And why are they here?
Man, imagine how easy my life would be if someone \Njust made a Parkour Civilization history book.
I could have just read about this place \Nand I wouldn't have had to risk my life coming here.
But nooo, no one likes to write anything down \Nand everyone likes to keep secrets!
Which makes my life sooo much harder...
Ugh, whatever.
I guess what I said before really is true.
Parkour is used for everything in life.
You make jumps to buy a house. \NYou make jumps to get food.
But more importantly, \Nyou make jumps to know the truth.
So now the question is \Nhow many more jumps do I have to make
to figure out the truth about this place?
From what I saw, it looked like all \Nof the houses on this level were abandoned.
That was until they weren't.
On the other side of the house, \Nsomeone came out of the room.
It was a Parkour Pro.
People were actually alive in this civilization.
But when the person came closer, \NI realized this wasn't a Pro at all.
Haha, let's go!
You don't know how happy I am \Nto see someone here.
Can you please explain to me \Nwhere we are and who... you are?
You have chain boots.
If you seek to know answers, \Nyou must beat me in a parkour battle.
Ah, see? This is what I'm talking about.
People can't just say anything \Nwithout doing parkour.
All right, let's battle.
I watched as the person in chain boots built \Nquite a long parkour combo for his first attack.
Whoever these people were knew how to fight.
You must build the jumps I have built.
The parkour battle will start and end on this block.
The battle will start and end on this block?
What is going on?
Alright, well, he said to build the jumps \Nthat he just built, so I guess I'll start with that.
I don't know if I should feel bad for him.
I don't know if these people out here know \Nthat I'm the Parkour Champion.
But, if I gotta destroy someone \Nin a parkour battle for some answers,
I got no problem hitting them \Nwith the classic Evbo 360s.
Alright, I built all the jumps you did.
So how is this gonna work?
Are you gonna attack first?
Or do you want me to attack first?
Are you ready to battle?
I mean, yeah, I've been standing here.
You can go first if you want. I don't care.
I watched as the guy in chain boots did \Na six jump parkour combo for his first attack.
All right, seems easy enough.
Time for my turn—
You lost, Parkour Champion.
We will return and have our revenge.
He knows... who I am.
Something was wrong.
I pulled out my Totem of Undying, and just as I did,
I got hit with an attack that would have killed me.
Whatever this Parkour battle was, \Nwas something I didn't know how to defend against.
I had to get out of here.
If that person battles me again, \NI don't know if I can survive another attack.
I don't even know what he hit me with.
How did that attack do ten hearts?
And I couldn't even counter \Nwith an attack of my own.
This is bad. This is so bad.
My Totem of Undying is gone.
If I lose another parkour battle \Nor if I miss a single jump, it's over.
I have no second chances, which means
I'm gonna have to do what I do best \Nand parkour to survive.
Within a few seconds, the guy in chain boots \Nwas gonna see me, but I had a plan.
I couldn't run.
I had to fight back.
Right when the guy came around the corner, \NI placed down two blocks
and attacked him with a three-block 360.
From everything I know about parkour battles, \Nhe had no choice but to accept the challenge.
But if this guy knows something I don't, \Nthen I just made a huge mistake.
Luckily, it looked like he was forced to battle me.
You have only bought yourself time, Champion.
We will return.
I watched as the person attempted \Nthe 360, but they missed it.
Okay, I am very thankful \Nthat 360s don't exist out here.
I might have gotten lucky in this first \Nparkour battle, but now that I know that
there's an entire civilization \Nthat wants revenge on the Parkour Champion,
I think it's safe to say \Nthat I am nowhere close to being safe.
The only thing I know now is \Nthat no one should be living in this house anymore,
so I should be safe here.
Oh man, am I happy to see you.
And just when I thought I caught \Na break, I heard a voice.
And it was the voice of someone \NI thought I got rid of a long time ago.
I slowly turned around \Nto see someone standing right behind me.
I thought I was gonna be stuck in here \Nalone forever, but now you're here!
Before anything could happen, I set up a three-block \Ndiagonal jump to get ready to attack with.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Bro, chill!
I'm not looking for a fight.
I'm just trying to survive like you.
You can relax.
Seawatt made his way closer to me and I realized he \Nwasn't wearing gold boots anymore.
He was wearing chain boots as well.
Hold on, what is going on?
How... are you here?
Pretty crazy, right?
An entire level of Parkour Civilization \Nthat we didn't even know existed!
It's really cool, but we're kind of stuck here, \Nso I guess that's not so cool.
Okay, yeah, I've gotten that by now.
I have eyes of my own, but how did you get here?
Well, I made the bridge, \Nwhich I'm guessing you found.
After you became Champion, I knew I had to run.
I had nowhere to hide, \Nbut the only chance of survival I had
was the rumor that there was \Na lost civilization somewhere beyond the edge.
And as it turns out, \Nit was much more than just a rumor.
So, since you ruined Parkour Civilization...
Uh, you mean saved it from you maniacs?
Yeah, whatever.
I thought I'd start a new life here, but that's \Nwhen I realized everyone in this level is crazy
and wants to destroy Parkour Civilization along \Nwith everyone in it, which includes me.
So yeah, I could probably use your help here.
Seawatt can't be trusted, and if I decide not to \Nattack him, I might be making a huge mistake.
Why would I trust you now, \Nafter all that you've done?
Bro, I don't have any more blocks to attack you with.
Besides, we need each other \Nif we're gonna survive and make it out alive.
Ah, fine. This is gonna be a huge mistake.
Okay, so fill me in.
What exactly is this place?
What was the fifth layer of Parkour Civilization?
I don't know. They were some kind of fighters.
Here, you should put these \Non so you don't stand out.
Really? You think I'm gonna fall for that?
You want me to take off my Champion boots?
What do you think I'm gonna do?
Steal them from your inventory?
That's not even possible! \NI'm just trying to help you hide.
Okay, that's a valid point. I'll give it to you.
Man, I hate it when the villains make sense.
I took off my Champion boots \Nand I put on my new pair of chain boots.
I don't even know if this is gonna work, \Nbut if it helps me avoid at least
one more parkour battle against one of \Nthese fighters, then I'm all for it.
I followed Seawatt until we arrived \Nat what he wanted to show me,
and we were standing in front \Nof the Parkour Temple.
But this one was different.
The entire thing was in ruins.
Seawatt said this entire level used to \Nexist in Parkour Civilization,
but somehow it was erased and removed \Nfrom history like it never even happened.
The worst part is, is that everyone \Nthat was on this level of civilization
when it was erased got \Ntrapped here with no way back.
The question now is how was an entire level \Nof Parkour Civilization erased, and why?
I didn't wanna believe it \Nbut the evidence was right in front of me.
Inside this Parkour Temple \Nthere was a statue that indicates
that there was a fifth level of civilization.
Okay, this is a lot to wrap my head around.
So, back then, there was a rank between \Nbeing a Pro and being a Master.
And as far as I can tell, \Nthese people know how to fight.
Maybe a little too well, to be honest.
Seawatt started to make the climb \Nto get up to the top of the Parkour Temple.
Back when this level was in Parkour Civilization,
this is the course you would have to do \Nto actually become a Parkour Master.
The course to make it to the top \Nwas starting to fade away,
but if you're good enough at parkour, \Nyou can still make it.
Of course, it was no problem \Nfor me being the Champion.
Okay, that was actually kinda close.
All right, let's see what it looks like in here—
Whoa, this was not what \NI was expecting it to look like.
Inside the temple was the place where you would \Nrank up if you were on this level of civilization.
Seawatt started telling me \Nthat there's something in this temple
that the people living on this civilization want.
The problem is, is that they haven't been \Nable to get it, because the door is locked.
He said that this course is different \Nfrom all of the others.
He said it wasn't just about making \Nthe parkour jumps to get up to the top,
but it was about winning the parkour battles.
Apparently, the only way to rank up \Nand get that door open
is to win four parkour battles in a row.
But these parkour battles \Nweren't just fought against anybody.
They were fought against Parkour Legends.
Each of these four battles \Nwas fought against a Parkour Legend
who has spent their entire life mastering \Na specific type of parkour.
But Seawatt said these Legends don't just show up.
He said that there are four discs, \Nand each disc summons a Parkour Legend.
Only by getting all four, \Nyou can make it to the top and open the door.
Okay, let me get this straight.
So there are four discs, \Nand each disc summons a Parkour Legend,
and you have to beat all four \Nin a row in order to get the door open,
and the people on this civilization \Nwant something behind the door.
So, I guess this is the part where you tell me I need \Nto stop them from getting the door open?
Actually, the opposite.
I think they want something \Nthat will let them escape.
So we need to get the discs first \Nand get out of here before they do.
Okay, so we just gotta find the discs \Nbefore these people do
and we can get out of here \Nbefore they destroy the world.
I might be the best player in the world at parkour,
but that doesn't mean I'm not worried \Nabout the journey ahead.
I mean, the people in this civilization \Nhave been stuck here for years.
They've had all of this time to find the discs, \Nbut they haven't gotten a single one of them yet.
That means I can only assume \Nthat getting a disc is impossible for most people.
Maybe it's even impossible for me.
Bro, how has Seawatt not even made it down yet?
Look, buddy, I know you're \Nthe mighty Champion and whatnot,
but you should probably play it a bit safer.
If you die here, I don't know what happens.
And if you fall into the void, \NI don't know if you're coming back.
If you don't remember, I don't like you.
So can you just focus on yourself \Nand let's get this over with?
Okay, fine. Don't listen to me.
I need to know something.
I came here with my friend and \Nwhen I got here, he was gone.
Just, can you tell me if you saw him or something?
Nope.
If you haven't seen him by now, there's \Na good chance he's gone, but maybe I'm wrong.
Here, you're gonna need this.
This compass will guide you to the place \Nwhere you can find the first disc.
Good luck, man.
It was time to go searching for the disc \Nthat would summon the first Legend of Parkour.
If my friend is alive out \Nthere somewhere, I'll find him.
But right now, I have to do this journey alone.
Wait, why am I doing this alone?
Wait, you were just gonna sit here \Nand watch me risk my life?
Why aren't you coming?
You're the Champion. I can't parkour like you.
Or, if you want to give me blocks so I can fight, \Nbut I feel like that's not an option.
You're right, I would never give \Nyou blocks in a million years.
Alright, well, I guess \Nthat is a valid reason to go by myself.
Looks like it's up to me to save the world again, \Nbut that's kinda my thing.
Just one jump at a time.
Oh no, I hope this isn't a parkour checkpoint.
Stop right there.
Yep, of course it is. I'm in trouble.
We already have a parkour search team looking \Nfor the disc as we speak.
We weren't expecting more company!
This is really bad.
If I don't find a way past this checkpoint, \Nit might be the end of Parkour Civilization.
All right, I got two options. I can talk or I can fight.
Let's try the talking thing first.
I was, uh, transferred here \Nfrom another parkour search team.
Yeah, apparently the job was taking too long.
Yeah, that figures.
Just build the password and I'll let you through.
Oh, great. The password is parkour.
That means there are literally an infinite number \Nof possibilities that the password could be,
and there's no way I'm guessing this.
So, no more of the talking thing.
It's time to parkour battle.
I set up a three-jump parkour combo for my attack.
This was it. There is no going back now.
Once I start this battle, \Nthe guy will know I'm the Parkour Champion
and everyone will be after me.
But I have no choice.
I attacked with a three-block vertical \Nto a four-block to a four-block diagonal jump.
Let's go.
I challenge you to a—
Alright, password accepted. You're good.
Good luck finding any \Ninformation about the disc. We need it.
Password accepte—
Wait, this was the password?
We can never be too careful.
I heard the Parkour Champion's\N out there somewhere.
I can't believe he actually thought it would be \Na good idea to come here.
Yeah, why would he do that?
Don't worry, we'll find this Parkour Champion.
I heard he's not even that good at parkour.
Oh, okay, good to see my disguise is still working.
Once I made it past the parkour \Ncheckpoint, everything changed.
All of the grass block jumps \Nhad turned into ice and snow.
Any normal person would turn around, \Nbut I have to keep going.
After realizing that I was stranded \Nin the fifth layer of Parkour Civilization,
I learned that the only way out of here is to \Nfind four discs that summon four Parkour Legends.
But if these discs fall into the wrong hands, \NParkour Civilization might be destroyed.
So the only option I had was \Nto team up with my enemy,
because whether I like it or not, \Nthat might be my only chance to make it out alive.
As much as I don't trust Seawatt, \Nthe compass definitely led me to the right place.
I was supposed to be finding the disc \Nthat would summon the Ice Legend of Parkour,
and if I didn't know any better, \NI would say I'm in the right area.
Now, I just need to find this disc \Nbefore anyone gets it.
The problem is, is that \NI don't even know where to start.
I tried looking for clues inside one of these houses, \Nbut all of the doors were locked.
The fighters on this level have supposedly \Nbeen looking for this disc for a long time,
which can only mean two things.
They can't find it, or they can't get to it.
In the distance, I saw a structure \Nthat looked like it was a parkour course.
When I got closer, I saw that the course \Nwas made completely out of ice blocks,
and at the very top, there was a dispenser.
An entire course made out of ice sounds like \Nwhere the Ice Legend disc would be.
This has to be it, right?
Maybe the problem wasn't finding \Nthe disc, but getting to it.
Maybe the jumps were too hard for people, \Nor people are just too afraid to try.
Whatever the reason is, I gotta make this course \Nbefore someone else does and get the disc.
The people here might be too afraid \Nto try these jumps, but I'm not,
because if the fate of the world depends on it, \Nthen I won't hesitate to risk my life.
I didn't have too much experience with ice parkour, \Nbut I was still staying on the blocks,
which is all that mattered.
Only two jumps left. Come on, I can do this.
I went for the last two jumps, \Nand I made it to the top.
Let's go, I did it!
So, does that make me an ice parkour legend now?
I mean, I don't see anyone else doing the course.
All right. Let's just hope \Nthat no one got to the disc before I did.
If it's still here, then I only have three more to go.
Let's do this.
I hit the button and an item came out.
Let's go! It was still here.
I got the disc to summon the, wait, what?
A house key? Bro, are you serious?
I did all of that just to buy a house?
Okay, well, now I'm back to square one.
I have no clue where to find the disc, \Nand I bought a house that I don't need.
Now that I think about it, I might be \Nthe first one in history to have bought a house
on every layer of Parkour Civilization.
Was it worth risking the entire fate \Nof the world and my life?
Probably not, but is it cool?
Yes.
Okay, now I have a real reason \Nto make it out of here.
I need someone to know this story.
All right, I gotta get back on track.
I need to find this disc.
Whoever lived in these houses \Nbefore were doing some pretty serious parkour.
One of the jumps to get to \Nthe beds was a five-block ice jump.
Is that even possible?
I opened the chest expecting to find nothing, \Nbut to my surprise, there was a book.
When I opened it up, \NI realized it was written in parkour.
Luckily for me, I've been learning \Nhow to read the parkour language,
so I could translate a little bit of it.
The book said that people would live in these houses \Nto train for the Ice Legend's course.
The book said that people would \Noften spend years here just training
so they could be good enough \Nto complete the impossible ice course.
Well, that's reassuring.
I definitely do not have years to train on these jumps.
But the book did mention an Ice Legend's course.
And if the disc was gonna be anywhere, \Nit was probably gonna be there.
The only problem now is finding this course.
I mean, it's probably not gonna be \Na big building standing in the middle of the open—
Oh, okay.
Well, I think I found it.
I don't know what the Ice Legend's parkour course \Nwas, but if I had to guess, this had to be it.
Even from afar, this looked like \Nthe hardest parkour course I've ever seen.
And I have to be the one to do it \Nbecause the world will end if I don't.
Bro, I don't even get paid \Nfor being the Parkour Champion.
This is so not worth it.
If this entire course is to just buy another house, \NI think I might just get it over with and jump off.
But I quickly realized that I was \Nat the right place, because at that moment,
I saw someone completing the course.
Someone was after the disc.
And right now, they were on track \Nto get it before me.
That means not only do I have to survive every jump, \Nbut I have to do it fast if I wanna catch up.
The problem is that this course \Nwasn't the course to go fast on.
These were ice jumps, and \Nthat means even the slightest miscalculation
could send you sliding right off the edge.
And that's not something I'm interested in doing.
I was only at the beginning, and yet each jump \Nseemed like it was getting harder and harder.
This next jump was a head hitter, \Nmeaning if I mistimed my jump,
No!
Well, let's just make sure I don't do that.
Please!
Oh, okay.
These jumps that I was making were harder than \Nanything that even exists in Parkour Civilization.
If I somehow make it back alive, I am definitely \Nmaking the practice courses harder at home.
As much as I wish I had more practice on ice jumps,
I always say that the best time to try new parkour is \Nwhen you're in a life-or-death situation.
Now that I think about it, that saying doesn't \Nreally make any sense, but who am I kidding?
I'm just stalling because I have to \Ndo a five-block vertical jump
and there's definitely a \Nfifty-fifty chance I don't make it.
But the fear of death never stopped me from trying.
I cleared the five-block vertical jump \Nand I was still on the course.
When I looked ahead, \NI saw that I had almost caught up
to the parkour fighter \Nthat was doing the course with me.
At the rate I'm going, \NI'll pass him and make it to the disc first.
But I also have to hope that he doesn't recognize \Nthat I'm not one of them.
Wait, what?
Who are you? Why are you here?
I'm supposed to be the only one gathering \Ninformation about the Ice Legend disc.
Oh, uh, yeah, Boss sent me here.
He said you were taking too long \Nand he wanted things to speed up, so he sent me.
Bro, why did I say "Boss?"
Oh, if Boss sent you, very well, \NI haven't been able to get past the five-block jump,
but if you think you can do it, go right ahead.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Of course. Heheh.
You know, boss's orders, right? Haha.
Bro. How did that even work?
Okay. Let's just get outta here.
Somehow I escaped the interaction \Nwithout a parkour battle,
which is great because if I had to fight here, \Nthat would be really bad.
But now I know that they have a boss or a leader.
Someone is leading these fighters \Nto go find all of the discs.
And I can only assume that whoever this leader \Nis wants revenge on Parkour Civilization.
Well, not even assume.
One guy literally said word-for-word \Nhe wants revenge on Parkour Civilization.
So I guess that's a pretty clear indicator.
All right, I really need to stop monologuing right \Nbefore I'm about to go for a death-defying jump.
Please make it, please make it.
Oh, that should not have been possible.
With every jump, I felt like \NI was barely staying on the edge,
but I wouldn't expect anything less \Nfrom a course that was made by a Parkour Legend.
Every jump was designed to be nearly impossible, \Nincluding this five-block jump,
which I'm about to complete.
I can make it.
No!
Just when I thought my journey was over, \Nthere was a block under me to catch my fall.
Oh, that could not have been any closer!
How could you have gotten a water bucket?
And I just blew my cover.
I forgot these guys don't have water buckets.
I had no choice but to engage in a parkour battle.
I needed the chance to attack first.
And my attack was gonna be something \Nthat would end the battle immediately.
There you have it.\N A two-block backwards jump, buddy.
And just so you know, \NI've never lost a parkour battle.
Obviously, that's not true.
But the intimidation worked.
The void is more honorable \Nthan losing a battle to the Champion.
And just like that, the parkour battle was over.
Bro, what do these people have against me?
How is dying in the void more \Nhonorable than battling me?
Despite dealing with a little emotional pain, \NI got rid of the parkour fighter unharmed.
Now, there was no one standing \Nin my way to get the disc.
All I had to do was make it past this five-block jump.
The fighters that have been trapped here \Nfor years haven't been able to make it,
but if there was someone to do it, \Nit was gonna be me.
If I was the first one to make the five-block jump, \Nthat means there's a good chance
that the disc is still here, \Nand I only have a few more jumps
before I can get to the top and retrieve it.
I've come too far in this journey to fall now.
Getting this disc means saving the world, \Nand maybe even saving my friend,
so I have no choice but to succeed.
I made the last ladder jump, \Nand there I was, standing down at
the hardest parkour course I've ever completed.
Now, it's time to find out \Nif this journey was truly worth the risk.
Just one more easy jump, nothing crazy.
Oh, okay, no surprise there, \NI never fall on the easy jumps.
It's time to find out if the disc is still here, \Nor if it even exists at all.
I walked up and stood on the pedestal, \Nand an item appeared in my hand.
This time, it wasn't a house key.
It was the disc to summon the Ice Legend of Parkour.
Seawatt was telling the truth.
He could have led me into a trap, but he didn't.
The discs are real, and now I have one of the four.
All I have to do is get the other three, \Nand that's my ticket home.
Hopefully, my friend's still out there, \Nso I can bring him home too.
And maybe Seawatt.
I don't really wanna bring him home.
Hey, hold up. Where are you going?
Why are you not gathering \Ninformation about the disc?
You said you were transferred here to help.
Yeah, yeah, I was.
But it looked like the other \Nguy had it all under control.
I mean, he was really good at parkour.
He said he didn't need me anymore.
Yeah, that sounds like him, alright.
We've been best friends since we were kids.
I don't know what I'd do without him.
All right, you're good to go.
Thanks, man. Uh, wish you and your friend the best.
Oh, that's so awkward.
I think I might have just created a new supervillain.
All right, I'm sure there's a part of you \Nthat wanted me to fail,
but I made it back and I got the disc.
No way you actually got the disc.
Yep, one down and three more to go.
We can actually do this... or you can do this.
You got it, man.
The journey was far from over.
Seawatt gave me the compass \Nthat would lead me to the second Parkour Legend.
Now that I have the disc for the Ice Legend, \NI was now searching for the Legend of Glass parkour.
As if the journey wasn't as difficult as it was already, \Nthis legend just had to be glass.
I have a feeling that there's \Na very slim chance I make it back alive.
Just three more to go.
Just three more.
Getting past a parkour checkpoint is no easy task.
I can't use parkour as a bribe here, \Nand I'm definitely not
guessing the parkour password this time.
That means the only way through is to fight.
Saving the world is exhausting.
Alright, let's get this over with.
No point in introducing myself \Nsince this should be over soon.
You know, I probably shouldn't be this confident \Nsince these people seem to know
way more about parkour battles than I do, \Nbut I'm still the Parkour Champion,
so being confident is a part of the job.
I started the battle with \Na three-block vertical sideways ladder jump,
but the parkour fighter didn't even look surprised,
even though I just challenged him \Nto a parkour battle.
All right, Champion, \Nlet's see if you're as good as they say.
I watched as the fighter attempted \Nthe jump, but failed.
Oh, this is gonna be quicker than I thought.
Okay, that attack should have done \Nat least five hearts,
so one more attack and I can get back \Nto saving the world.
Might as well just put this guy out of his misery \Nand hit him with the signature Evbo 360.
Under pressure, I made a three-block flower pot 360.
Against most people, \Nthat would have ended the battle,
but I soon realized that this \Nwasn't a normal parkour battle.
Oh, great.
I should have just tried guessing the password.
This attack will give you poison.
His attack only works if his jump is harder than mine,
but I don't think a three-block brewing \Nstand jump is harder than my 360.
I think I'm about to win this, but \Nwhen the fighter went for the jump, he added a 180.
I bet you thought this would be easy.
Adding a 180 to his jump must \Nhave made his attack harder
because he would have taken damage by now.
This is not good.
If I don't build a harder attack right now, \NI'm gonna get poisoned.
And that could be the end of me.
That's why this is a perfect time to set up a jump \Nthat I've never attempted before.
It's simple.
If I make this jump, I win the battle.
And the jump I was going \Nfor was a three-block ladder 360.
This had to work.
I went for the 360.
Please make it!
But I failed.
The attack hit me and now I was being poisoned.
I actually thought I was gonna win this battle, \Nbut now the odds are stacked against me.
By the time the poison wore off, \NI had half-a-heart left.
And the fighter was already \Nplanning out his next attack.
From here on out, if I make \Na single mistake, my journey is over.
But that's why I'm the one trying to save the world.
If it was easy, everyone would be doing it.
The fighter was setting up \Na parkour combo with ice blocks.
Okay, this is good!
I just mastered ice block jum—
Wait, what?
Before the fighter even attempted \Nhis attack, he just slipped off.
Uhhh, okay, that was not \Nhow I thought it was gonna end.
Doesn't matter. It looks like it's another win for me.
Haha, let's go!
Even though I barely survived the parkour battle, \NI was stepping into more dangerous territory.
This was where I was gonna find the disc \Nto summon the Glass Legend of Parkour.
There are four discs I need to find in order \Nto get back to Parkour Civilization.
I managed to stay alive \Nand get one of the discs so far,
but the parkour fighters \Nare still racing to get them before me,
and now I know there's a boss leading them all.
But if I can get the final three \Ndiscs first, I can save the world.
So far, I am very much liking \Nthe ice more than the glass,
especially since most of the jumps are glass panes.
Not that it makes a difference, \Nbut before I go any further, let's get my health back.
The entire time I've been here, I've been \Nusing my Champion boots to gain my hunger back.
That's one part I didn't get.
As the Parkour Champion, \NI don't really need food anymore.
But everyone else does, \Nso how are they getting food?
Alright, I'm just gonna focus on getting the disc \Nand get out of here as fast as I can.
This journey was different than the last one.
Last time, I made it through the checkpoint \Nwithout blowing my cover,
but this time, well, the guard's in the void.
If some of the other fighters realize \Nthat the guard is gone, they're gonna come after me.
So, I'm just gonna beat this course, \Nget the disc, and get out of here
before any of the fighters can catch me.
Easier said than done, obviously, because this \Nwasn't just any ordinary parkour course.
This course was designed \Nfor someone who is a master at glass parkour.
Now, I'm all for having self-confidence and whatnot,
but the reality is, is that \NI have never done jumps like these.
This course was about \Nto be all unexplored territory for me,
and I only have one chance \Nto make all of these jumps.
But the clock is ticking, and I need to get these discs \Nbefore any of the fighters do.
You know, I would have been a lot more comfortable
if the glass parkour course \Nwere glass blocks and not panes,
but when do I ever get my way with anything?
I will say that one thing keeping me going is \Nthat if I do make it back alive,
I mean, I would have to be \Nthe greatest of all time at parkour, right?
While that thought sounds amazing, I just \Nremembered that I've only gotten one disc so far.
So if I manage to survive this course, which \Nby looking at it, doesn't seem likely, to be honest,
I still have two more massive parkour courses \Nto go through before I can make it back.
All right, let's break this down real quick.
So if I miss a single jump, I die.
If I have another battle with a parkour fighter, \Nwhich is probably gonna happen, I die.
And if Seawatt has been plotting against me \Nthe entire time, uh, well, I probably die.
Well, all right. I think my chances are looking great!
I take that back.
Bro, what even are those parkour jumps?
All right, let's just get this over with.
Glass jumps are all about precision.
Each glass jump is only one eighth \Nof the size of a regular block,
meaning each jump has to be the perfect distance.
That also means I get no momentum \Nfor this three-block vertical jump.
Please, Parkour God!
Oh, okay.
And the next jump is just as hard.
The four-block jump onto \Na single pane was terrifying,
but I went for it and I barely stayed on the edge.
Bro, to think I could have been at home, \Njust chilling, getting a parkour delivery to my house.
Wait, do I even have a house anymore?
Let's see, if this jump is possible, \NI only have to do a two-block jump.
This has to be a shortcut, right?
No way I'm not taking this.
Let's go.
I get to skip some—
No!
No, that's a trick for sure.
That jump's not possible.
All right, no shortcuts for me today.
I guess I gotta take the hard way.
I slowly made my way through the course, \Nmaking sure to take my time with every single jump.
As of now, I didn't see any other \Nparkour fighters doing the course.
So I didn't need to worry about completing \Nthis course fast. I just needed to stay alive.
But what if there's no fighters here because someone \Nalready completed the course and got the disc?
Alright, let's just hope that's not the case.
Oh my— Bro, are you serious?
Not one of these staircases!
Thankfully, I made it to the top \Nof the horribly designed staircase.
But then, I saw something on the ground.
Looked like a piece of paper.
I picked it up and it said something on it.
It said, "Don't finish the course?"
I had no clue what to make of this.
I was so close to the end.
I was almost at the second disc.
So either someone is warning me about something,
or this was an attempt to try \Nto make me not get the disc.
Well, this just got a lot more complicated.
I decided that the second option was more likely.
The fighters know that I'm looking \Nfor the discs, so maybe
they had someone put this note here \Nto try to get me to stop looking for them.
But if that isn't their plan, and someone is \Nwarning me, then I could be jumping into an ambush.
At this point though, I don't even think it matters.
As of now, the only way I know of getting back \Nto Parkour Civilization is getting all four discs.
So even if getting this disc is going to lead me \Ninto a trap, I have to still try to get it.
Only a few more jumps and I would be at the end.
Do I go for a shortcut now?
Why not? Let's do it.
I swear, all of this better be some crazy test \Nto become the Parkour God or something
because there's no way I'm doing this for free.
All right, one more jump and the disc is mine.
Let's do this.
I went for the last final jump and I made it.
I had completed the Glass Legend's parkour course.
Let's go! Let's get this disc!
Or let's fall into a trap.
I hope it's the disc.
When I stepped onto the pedestal, the dispenser \Ngave me the exact item I wanted to see.
The disc to summon the Glass Legend of Parkour \Nwas now in my possession.
Alright, two down, two to go, and now I just \Ngotta worry about getting off of this course.
Oh, this is the worst.
I was making my way back to meet Seawatt \Nto get the compass for the third disc,
but that's when I saw something.
It was a massive building that I've never seen before.
Obviously, I wanna get the discs and get out of here \Nas fast as I can, but my friend is still missing.
Maybe there's a chance he's alive and he made it \Ninto this building and he's hiding here.
Even if he's not here, \NI can afford a little detour to find out.
The building I walked \Ninto looked like it was some old library,
although most of the bookshelves \Nlooked like they were empty.
Jeez, this staircase is even worse than the glass one.
I didn't even think that was possible.
I didn't know what I was looking for, \Nbut at the very least,
I was hoping I could find a book that would \Nat least give me a little information.
I looked around until I finally saw \Na bookshelf with a book left in it.
Okay, let me try not to fall off the edge \Nwhile grabbing this.
The book was written in parkour, \Nbut I could still understand a little bit of it.
It looked like it was talking about the Champion \Nboots, something about hunger and powers?
Well, that's not really new information for me.
I've been using these boots \Nto feed myself the entire time.
Okay, let's see what else I can find in this library.
I looked around and still, \Nthere was no sight of my friend.
I knew the chances were slim, but some part \Nof me still believed that he would be here.
But that's when I went up \Nto the next floor and I saw someone.
Oh no, I do not wanna battle.
Please just don't turn around.
And... she turned around.
It's you.
You're back.
Oh, I always knew you would change your mind.
Uh, right. I'm back.
I never blamed you for what you did.
I know it was a tough decision.
Okay, this woman does not know who I am, \Nbut I have no clue what she's talking about.
I just gotta go with it, I guess.
I assume you're here to get your friend, correct?
My—my friend?
You know where my friend is?
Oh, yes.
I got the book around here somewhere.
Forgive me.
It's been a while since I've had to do parkour.
I should be able to reach it.
Oh, not to worry.
It's—I'll—I'll get it. It's easy parkour.
It's just that book right there, right? \NYeah, don't worry.
I'll do—
NOOO!
Oh, no, that's not good.
Well, at least she went out quickly.
All right, let's go get this book.
I grabbed the book off the shelf \Nand I started reading.
The book said something about a prison.
A prison where it's impossible to parkour.
If the fighters captured my friend, \Nthat's probably where they took him.
This is good news.
This is great news, actually.
This is the only evidence I have \Nthat my friend might be alive.
And maybe Seawatt knows where this prison is.
I made my way back to Seawatt \Nto get the third compass from him.
All right, I'm back, whether you like it or not.
Hello, Seawatt, where—
What are you doing in the corner?
Are you napping?
Bro, I'm tired.
You take so long to get these things.
I take so long to get these things?
Bro, I hate you so much.
I got the second disc, but it's getting a little trickier \Nto get past the checkpoints, but I still got it.
I'm ready to go get the third one.
Seawatt threw me the third compass \Nthat would lead me to the Legend of Crystal parkour.
There's one more thing.
I think my friend might still be alive in some prison.
Do you know anything about it?
If that's true, then there's a chance we can save him,
but we gotta get the third and fourth disc first.
Okay, you're right.
We'll get the discs before the fighters do, \Nwe'll save my friend, and we'll get out of here.
As the journey goes on, the jumps get harder \Nand the stakes get higher.
I've saved the world by myself before, \Nbut this time, I don't know if I can do it alone.
But if I can find my friend before it's too late, \Nthen I think we have a chance.
If I make this parkour course, \NI'm one step closer to saving the world.
Even though this is parkour I've never done before,
the good news is I can take my time \Nbecause there's no one else doing the—
Oh no I take that back, there is \Nsomeone doing the course, this is not good.
If that person makes the parkour course before I do,
they'll have their hands on one of \Nthe four discs I need to save the world.
Which means I can not take \Nthis parkour course slowly.
Every single one of these parkour jumps \Nwere made up of crystals,
and in all my time in Parkour Civilization, \NI've never seen jumps like these.
But I had to go fast.
I had to make the—
NO!
I was the guy who saved Parkour Civilization,
and I actually believed I could be \Nthe one to do it again.
I had made two of the hardest courses \NI've ever done to get two of the discs,
and I was on my way to get the third one.
But maybe it wasn't my destiny \Nto make it out of this place alive.
When I went searching for the Crystal Legend of \NParkour, I knew the journey was gonna be rough.
The last time I made it through \Na parkour checkpoint,
it resulted in a battle that almost cost me my life.
So I kind of figured that this \Ncheckpoint would go the same way.
I jumped onto the platform ready to parkour battle,
but the strange thing was is \Nthat there was no one here.
There was no one guarding the checkpoint, \Nwhich means I was either
lucky or I was leading myself into a trap.
Given everything that has happened, \Nit's probably a trap.
But the good news is that it was now just me \Nand the hundreds of crystal parkour jumps.
Even though I avoided a parkour battle, \NI was clearly not out of danger.
I needed to make my way \Nover to the Parkour Legend's course,
but that meant I had to figure out \Nwhat exactly these parkour jumps were.
Crystal jumps didn't exist in Parkour Civilization.
I was going into this with zero experience.
I tried my best to stay on the crystals \Nthat were entire blocks,
but at some point I had no choice \Nbut to jump onto the smaller crystals.
These crystals were barely big enough to stand on, \Nand if I made the slightest mistake,
that could very well mean \Nmy journey comes to an end.
Wait for him to show up.
He will show eventually.
What was that?
Hello?
Is anyone there?
Oh, great. I think being stuck in this parkour world \Nfor so long is making me hallucinate.
Well, this is nice.
I have to worry about not dying from parkour, \Nand I have to worry about not going crazy.
I kept making jumps until I arrived \Nat the place I needed to be.
The Crystal Legend's parkour course is \Nwhere I could find the third disc.
If I make it, I'll only need one more disc to go home.
But I had to go fast.
I had to make the—
NO!
And with one jump, my entire journey was over.
I watched as the world of parkour \Ngot further and further away.
There was nothing to save me now.
The damage from the void already started, \Nand within seconds, I would be gone forever.
I couldn't do it.
I thought I could be the one \Nto save Parkour Civilization again, but I failed.
In my last moments of life, \Neverything seemed like it was in slow motion.
I think I must have been going crazy, \Nbecause it looked like I was floating upwards,
but that's when I realized \NI might not be crazy after all.
I wasn't dead yet, and I was slowly \Nrising back up to the world of parkour.
What is going on? How is this possible?
It was like I was watching my life in reverse.
I was floating right back up next \Nto the jump that I just failed.
I was at a loss for words, \Nbut I might have had a second chance after all.
I positioned myself over one of the jumps, \Nand I dropped out of the air.
I wasn't dead yet.
I was back on the parkour course.
In all my life, I've never heard \Nof something like this happen.
If I had to guess, I would say \Nthe Parkour God saved me once again.
When I turned around, I saw someone \Nfor a split-second running away.
My entire dodging-death feat that I just pulled
completely made me forget that I was still in danger.
One of the fighters was ahead of me on this course.
When I saw them, they were almost at the end,
which means that person might \Nhave gotten the disc already.
But there's no way to know for sure \Nthat could have been someone else,
which means I have to complete the course \Nto see if the disc is still there.
Besides, the Parkour God probably pulled \Nsome strings to get me back on this course,
so I owe it to him to try.
In Parkour Civilization, the more jumps you make, \Nthe more answers you find.
But I don't know if I will ever be able to do \Nenough jumps to find the answer to how I'm alive.
All I can do now is keep making the jumps \Nand keep moving forward.
I have to believe that whatever \Nor whoever saved me from the void
wants me to save Parkour Civilization.
So I'm gonna try to not test my luck again \Nand make all of these jumps.
As of now, I saw no sign of the player \Nthat was here before me,
and maybe this could be the reason why.
Oh boy, I'm definitely gonna need \Nanother airlift out of the void.
Now was no time to rush.
I had to pay attention to exactly \Nhow large each crystal was.
This jump was barely wide enough \Nto fit through, but it was possible.
I jumped into the tunnel, managing to stay \Non the very edge of the bottom crystal.
Even the smallest miscalculation, like hitting my \Narm on the wall, would send me falling into the void.
But luckily, I made it through the tunnel \Nof narrow jumps, and I still had a fighting chance.
After making it out, I could see the rest of the course,
and I saw no sign of the fighter \Nthat was here before me.
So that means it is very likely \Nthat the person I saw has gotten the disc already.
Unfortunately, I have to do a three-and-a-half \Nvertical block jump to figure that out.
I got momentum and I went for one of \Nthe longest vertical jumps I've ever done.
Even being the Parkour Champion, \NI didn't even know that was possible.
But that's kind of been a similarity \Nacross all of these parkour courses.
Almost all of these jumps that are on the courses
don't even exist in Parkour Civilization \Nand are near impossible.
I hadn't thought about it, but maybe that's a reason \Nwhy this entire civilization was removed.
Actually, that doesn't really make any sense.
Alright, let's just make it out alive \Nand maybe someone will tell me the actual truth.
But that's when I went for a jump \Nand I heard something again.
Trust me, I can get the distance.
Just let me try.
It was another voice, like the one I heard before.
I don't know where it's coming from.
I thought it was crazy before, but now that it's \Nhappening again, I'm starting to really get worried.
Man, my problems keep stacking.
I need the disc to still be here, I have to not \Ndie in parkour, and now I have voices in my head.
Great.
Well, I'm gonna need a serious \Nparkour vacation when I get back.
Less than ten jumps away stood between me \Nand the end of the course.
I just have to keep doing my thing \Nand keep making every one of these jumps—
No!
Okay, let's not do that again.
Only few can say they can do \Na three-block vertical jump from no momentum.
Fortunately, I'm one of those few.
And that was the last difficult jump I needed \Nto make to complete the course.
Now it was time for the big reveal \Nand find out if I did all of that for nothing.
If someone else has this disc, \NI don't know how I'm gonna get it back,
but at least I have the other two.
So worst case scenario, no one gets out of here.
I stepped up onto the pedestal expecting the worst,
but to my surprise in my hand was the third disc.
Whoever was on this course \Nbefore me obviously didn't get it.
And now I'm holding three \Nof the four discs needed to get out of here.
Only one more disc remains \Nbefore I can return to Parkour Civilization.
That is, if I can survive one more of these courses.
I started heading back to Seawatt \Nto get the compass for the fourth disc,
but then it happened again.
Find me at the houses.
It was another voice in my head.
Unless it wasn't a voice in my head to begin with.
Someone was trying to talk to me \Nand they were saying they were at the houses?
I didn't know what any of the voices meant, \Nbut that's when I saw somebody.
Standing near one of the houses \Nwas someone that I recognized.
It was the person I just caught a glimpse of, right \Nbefore I was saved from the void.
Whoever this was must have been the person \Nthat sent me the message
to find them at the houses, \Nbut the person still had chain boots on.
This was a parkour fighter, \Nmeaning there's a good chance that
this interaction leads to a parkour battle, \Nbut something about this felt different.
I don't know why they would be calling me \Nhere, but I have to find out,
and even if this does end in a battle, \Nthat's a risk I'm willing to take.
I walked in to see the fighter standing \Non the other edge of the house.
Alright, buddy.
If you wanna fight, let's get it over with.
If that's how you wanna repay me \Nfor saving your life, fine.
For saving my life?
What are you talking about?
I've never even seen you before.
I was watching you do the course.
I knew you would fail eventually.
So I waited until you fell.
When you did, I was there to attack you \Nwith a brewing stand jump.
And the effect was Levitation.
You attacked me with parkour right as I fell.
I didn't even know that was possible.
This doesn't make any sense.
Why would you save my life?
You don't even know who I am.
I know you're the Parkour Champion, \Nand the reason I know that
is because you've been \Nthe pawn of our game ever since you arrived.
You've been collecting the discs for us.
No, no, no, no.
That's impossible.
I fought parkour fighters in battles.
I almost died.
Why would they try to kill me \Nif they wanted me to get the discs?
Seawatt said it would have to be believable.
Oh, so now Seawatt's behind this mastermind plan?
Of course he is.
And if you don't believe me, \Njump onto the center block.
I jumped into the middle of the house \Nand it happened again.
If he fights you, you have to lose.
This is the only way we win.
It was Seawatt's voice.
I don't know how you're doing it, \Nbut you're making this up.
I'm not.
If you parkour across crystals while talking, \Nmessages will be trapped inside for years.
You're only hearing his voice \Nbecause he was here setting the trap for you.
I didn't know what to believe.
If this was all true, then I've been getting the discs \Nfor the enemy the entire time.
At this point, I don't even know \Nif anything Seawatt has told me is true.
If you're in on the plan, \Nthen why are you telling me this?
What do you want?
Let's just say I don't really like how the plan ends.
So I'm hoping that by telling you this, \Nyou find a way to win.
And in repayment, you can take me back \Nto Parkour Civilization.
How can I be sure you're telling the truth?
What if Seawatt isn't behind this?
You think it's a coincidence he has those compasses?
Why don't you ask him where he got them?
If all of this was true and Seawatt \Nwas working with the fighters,
then I have no one to blame but myself.
But as far as I'm concerned, I have the three discs.
I don't know how in the world they \Nplan on getting these off of me,
but if I can get the fourth one, \Nthen I can get out of here.
At least now that I know I might be in a trap, \NI can focus on getting myself out of it.
But I still don't know \Nif that fighter was telling me the truth or not.
Alright, disc number three acquired.
Wasn't an easy one, that's for sure, but I still got it.
This is insane!
To be honest, I didn't think you would be \Nable to do it, but clearly I'm wrong.
Only one more to go and we can get out of here.
Here, the compass to the last Parkour Legend.
This one is supposed to be \Nthe most terrifying course, so good luck.
Well, if there's anyone that can get it done, it's me.
Hey, this is just a quick question, \Nbut where did you get all of the compasses?
The compasses?
Oh, yeah.
I was just searching through all the chests, \Nand I happened to find all of them.
Lucky find, I guess.
Yeah, yeah, that is real lucky.
Oh, that was really convincing.
Yep, I am definitely in a trap.
He knows, right?
Yeah, he must have figured it out.
It doesn't matter.
The plan is in motion, and at this point, \Nthere is nothing he can do to stop what's coming.
I must say, this plan didn't go exactly \Nhow I thought it would,
but I have everything I need to get my revenge.
Just one more parkour course to go, \Nand I can get back to Parkour Civilization.
Unfortunately, this is gonna be the hardest one yet.
All of these parkour jumps had one thing in common.
These were neo jumps.
Neo jumps are considered some of the hardest jumps \Nin Parkour Civilization and for a good reason.
The only way you make these jumps \Nis by moving around the block in midair.
The last time I made a difficult neo jump, \NI became Parkour Champion and I saved the world.
But that was one jump and I'm afraid this course \Nis probably gonna have a lot more than one.
After all, this course was made by the Neo Legend \Nof Parkour, so that probably says something.
If I had a choice, I would turn back immediately, \Nbut unfortunately I don't.
If I wanna save the world, I need to get the disc.
The entire time I've been here, I've been risking \Nmy life to get the discs I need to go home.
I thought I've been outsmarting \Nthe people in this lost civilization,
but it turns out, I've been in a trap this entire time, \Nand Seawatt has been behind it all.
I was tricked into collecting the discs \Nfor the enemy, and I can only assume that
they have a plan to get \Nthe discs off of me so they can escape.
I couldn't help be disappointed \Nwith myself for trusting Seawatt.
How did I not see this coming?
I mean, Seawatt literally worked \Nfor the Evil Champion
and ran the lab that systematically \Ncontrolled all of Parkour Civilization.
You know, I probably should have thought \Nabout those things a little more before trusting him,
but obviously it's way too late now.
I gotta give him credit.
As much as I dislike Seawatt because he is objectively evil,
his plan is extremely well thought out.
And now that's put me in a very difficult position.
On one hand, I could just throw all \Nof the discs in the void and no one gets them.
If I went down that route, \NSeawatt and all of the people here
can't escape and destroy Parkour Civilization, \Nbut then I wouldn't be able
to get back home myself, so I'd basically \Nbe sacrificing myself for option one.
Now with option two, I continue \Nto play my part and get the discs.
As long as I have all four on me, \Nthere still might be a way
to get out of here alive without bringing \Nthem back to Parkour Civilization.
As I was going over all of the possible futures, \NI noticed the course changed to neo ice jumps.
It seemed like this last course was \Na combination of all of the Parkour Legend courses,
with, of course, adding new jumps to everything.
Oh, I forgot how much I hated these types of jumps.
Okay, but back to seeing \Nif I can outsmart Seawatt's plan.
No matter what option I choose, \Nthe biggest problem is my friend.
The old woman at the library told me my friend \Nis trapped in some prison.
And if I remember correctly,
There's one more thing.
I think my friend might still be alive in some prison.
Do you know anything about it?
If that's true, then there's a chance we can save him,
but we gotta get the third and fourth disc first.
Well, now that I know that Seawatt \Nwas the one behind the evil plan,
I think it's safe to say that Seawatt \Nhas my friend locked up in a prison somewhere.
If that is the case, then I think \NI know what Seawatt's plan is.
He's gonna use my friend as leverage \Nto have me give him the discs.
It all makes sense now.
There's no way he could get the discs off of me,
so that means I'll either have to choose \Nthe discs or the life of my friend.
That's assuming I finish this course \Nand don't die in the void so I can get the last one.
But to be honest, even though one jump could end \Nit all, I knew I was gonna finish this course.
There's a reason Seawatt made this elaborate plan \Nto get me to do the courses,
and it's the same reason why all \Nthe parkour fighters must have joined him.
There is only one person that exists in this world \Nthat is good enough at parkour
to make these courses, and \Nthat person is me, the Parkour Champion.
Seawatt and all of the people in this \Ncivilization put their faith in me,
because they knew that without me, \Nthey would never make it back alive.
Well, I hate to disappoint them, \Nbut I don't plan on bringing Seawatt
or the evil parkour fighters back \Nto Parkour Civilization.
If all goes according to plan, \Nthere will only be three people going back home.
So, it's time to get this plan over with \Nand get out of this place once and for all.
After making it out of the field of neo jumps, \NI was met with two parkour fighters.
Thank you for retrieving the discs for us, Champion.
Now, you will do exactly what we say \Nif you wanna stay alive.
Seawatt requests your presence.
This was it.
Seawatt had two parkour fighters waiting \Nfor me to ensure that I didn't run off with the discs.
Normally, I would say that was \Na well-thought-out plan on his part,
but I don't think he ever questioned \Nthe loyalty of his followers.
Fortunately for me, I've got someone on the inside.
Hey, let's go.
Keep it moving, Champion.
Why are you stopping?
Well, you know, just trying to catch my breath \Nbefore this parkour battle.
I quickly placed down a ladder \Nand attacked the parkour fighter
with a three-block diagonal ladder jump.
You know, I would say good luck in this battle, \Nbut I think you'll have a hard time with a 2v1.
The parkour fighter turned around to see \Nthat the other fighter had an attack of his own built.
Yep, this parkour fighter was my guy on the inside.
No, you're... working with the Champion?
How could you?
Fine, it doesn't matter.
I'll take you both on by myself.
I'm sure this will be the easiest park—
Well, that didn't last long.
Wait a minute, I knew that guy, didn't I?
We've been best friends since we were kids.
I don't know what I'd do without him.
Alright, you're good to go.
Ohhh, that's right.
I made his buddy jump into the void.
Well, at least they're together now.
Let's keep it moving.
We don't have much time.
Yep. All right, sorry. Let's get back to work.
So far, the plan I had was going smoothly.
Seawatt had his mastermind plan set up for me, \Nso it was only fair that I fight back.
Before I went to the Neo Legend \Ncourse, I visited my ally.
Okay, I accept your offer.
If you wanna come back \Nto Parkour Civilization, you need to help me.
Finally, you came to your senses.
We're gonna need to move fast \Nif we wanna make this work.
So you're saying after I get the disc, \NSeawatt is gonna have fighters waiting for me?
That's right, but he won't suspect \Nthat I'm working with you.
I'll make sure I'm one of the fighters \Nand we can escape to the temple.
Alright, sounds good to me.
Aw,  really hope this works.
Step one was getting the disc.
Step two was making it \Nto the temple without guards.
And now it's time for step three.
Alright, you ready?
Yes, this has to work.
I'll go distract Seawatt and find out \Nwhere he's keeping your friend.
You just focus on beating the Parkour Legends \Nand getting the door open.
Right, the parkour battles.
I kinda forgot about that.
Time was of the essence.
I needed my ally to distract Seawatt \Nfor as long as possible
so I had time to beat the Parkour Legends.
I also needed to hope that my ally \Nwould find my Parkour Master friend
and free him from his prison.
There were a lot of moving parts to this plan, \Nbut I think it could work.
Unfortunately, the plan already had its first hiccup.
The path I chose to go up the temple was destroyed.
The only way up to the top was from the other side.
Now, I just gotta hope that those few minutes \Nof lost time weren't enough to ruin the plan.
It was a good sign that I didn't see \Nany parkour fighters around though,
but that's when I glanced inside the bottom level \Nof the Parkour Temple and I saw someone.
But this wasn't a parkour fighter, \Nthis was someone with gold boots.
I ran inside to see my Parkour Master friend \Nstanding on a single chain over the void.
The last time we saw each other \Nwas in Parkour Civilization.
You're alive!
Let's go!
I— oh no.
Standing to my right was a parkour fighter \Nwith an attack already set up.
That's an easy attack.
Don't worry, I'll handle this.
No, stop.
That attack was for me.
If I don't make that jump, I die.
I don't have any blocks \Nto build with, so I'm stuck here.
But if you attack him, that will force his battle \Nwith me to end, and I'll also die.
Okay, this is not an ideal situation, \Nso how do I stop this?
You go up.
Seawatt is waiting for you up there.
Of course he is.
Well, so much for my master plan to defeat the guy \Nwith the better master plan.
Don't worry, I'll figure something out.
Just don't move.
Not that you can move, but don't worry, \NI'll figure something out.
Alright, time to make my way to the top \Nand probably face an ambush.
There was nothing I could do now.
I couldn't think of a single move to get out of this.
If I even make the slightest notion that \NI'm gonna start a parkour battle, my friend will die.
That means I have no choice \Nbut to just fall right into Seawatt's plan.
Well, I have been known \Nto improvise, so let's do that.
Alright, let's get this over with.
So, you want me to help you \Ndestroy Parkour Civilization?
Now you're talking some sense.
You know, a part of me actually enjoyed \Nour little team-up and getting each disc.
I mean, you got them, but it was fun sitting back \Nand letting you do the work.
Now, I'm closer than ever to achieving my goal \Nof destroying Parkour Civilization once and for all.
That doesn't make any sense.
You said it yourself.
You live in Parkour Civilization.
Why would you wanna destroy it?
I haven't told this to anyone before, \Nbut since I've already won, I might as well tell you.
I didn't join Parkour Civilization.
I was born here on this level of civilization.
I might be the only one alive who remembers when
this level was still a part of Parkour Civilization,
and, I might be the only one who knows what \Nkind of a monster the old man was.
My parents warned me about the old man.
They told me to rank up before it was too late.
Unfortunately, my parents were both too stubborn \Nto rank down and too old to rank up.
So, I left my family and became a Parkour Master.
My parents were the ones who told me to use \Nbrewing stands to give myself the Resistance effect.
And that was exactly what allowed me to remember
when the old man used the Command Blocks \Nto wipe out this entire level,
including everyone in it.
In doing so, he wiped all memories of this place, \Nexcept mine, because of the potion effect.
after that, how could I ever trust the system.
The so-called "beloved Parkour Champion"\N wiped out my entire family.
That—that can't be true.
Why would the old man do that?
It just doesn't add up.
He was kind and nice and he cared about people.
You know the funny part is, \Nis that no one even knew.
It was supposedly over a fight.
Can you believe that?
The old man let his battle with one person \Ncause my parents and plenty of others to die.
A fight? What kind of fight \Nwould lead to an action like that?
Alright, enough of that.
What's in the past is in the past.
Let's focus on what's gonna happen from here.
I don't need the discs.
Instead, I'm gonna have you battle all \Nof the Parkour Legends yourself,
and, get that door open for me.
I will then get my revenge on Parkour Civilization.
And if you choose not to, well, \Nyour friend is obviously the price you pay.
I have to do it.
I can't let my friend die \Nbecause of the mistakes I made.
I'm the one who brought him here.
I have no choice.
Let's just hope I think of something later \Nwhen I get that door opened.
I trust you'll come to the right decision.
You always do.
Oh, well, here goes nothing.
Given everything that's happened \Nin my life, I never thought
there'd be a time where I'd have to say this, but
it's time to go help destroy Parkour Civilization.
It was time to fight the Legends of Parkour.
Under normal circumstances, I probably would \Nhave been excited for these parkour battles.
I mean, come on, fighting someone \Nwho has mastered a specific type of parkour?
That sounds pretty awesome to me.
Unfortunately for me, \Nthese are not normal circumstances.
Because if I beat all four of these Parkour Legends,
I will cause the downfall of Parkour Civilization.
But that's assuming I beat \Nthese Legends in parkour battles,
and if I don't, well, I will die, and Parkour Civilization \Nwill probably be destroyed anyways.
So, that means plan A is \Nto help destroy Parkour Civilization,
and hope I figure out a plan in the meantime.
I thought I had a real chance \Nto beat Seawatt and save the world,
but it turns out he was one \Nstep ahead of me the entire time.
My friend is captured, and if I don't do \Nexactly what Seawatt says, he'll be gone forever.
So that leaves me with no choice \Nbut to help Seawatt escape
so he can destroy \NParkour Civilization once and for all.
Alright, well, here goes nothing.
It's time to fight the first Legend of Parkour.
I threw the disc into the hopper waiting \Nfor something to happen.
I saw nothing, but then a few seconds later, \Nsomeone appeared on one end of the battlefield.
And this person was wearing diamond boots.
So you're the Ice Legend of Parkour?
Why do you have Champion boots on?
That's because I am a Parkour Champion.
Well, I was one a long time ago.
I won the battle to become \NChampion using ice blocks.
So yeah, I got the Ice Legend title.
But all of the Parkour Legends \Nare just previous Champions throughout history.
So every Parkour Legend was \Na Parkour Champion at some point.
That's awesome!
Wait, so are you real or what even are you?
Real? Absolutely.
Alive? Eh, not so much.
All of us are spirits of our past lives \Nand we exist now only for parkour battles.
But enough questions.
Prepare to fight.
The Ice Legend said I have everything I need \Nto battle inside the chest.
When I first came here, \Nthe chest was empty, but now
the chest had three stacks of ice blocks inside of it.
These ice blocks were \Nthe only blocks I had to attack with.
No other types of blocks were allowed.
It's time to find out if I can do ice block jumps better \Nthan the Ice Legend of Parkour.
The Ice Legend attacked first.
His first attack was a four-block vertical jump.
It was a difficult attack for sure, \Nbut it was nothing I couldn't handle.
My choices were to either make \Nthe exact same jump or do a harder one,
but I had to remind myself \Nthat this was only the first of four battles,
so I'm not gonna try to risk it all in the first fight.
I defended the first attack successfully \Nand the battlefield reset.
Alright, let's go.
It's my time to attack now.
My first attack was a parkour combo \Nwith a five-block jump
chained into a three-block diagonal jump.
I thought the attack wouldn't be hard enough, \Nbut to my surprise, the Ice Legend failed the jump.
The battle was going my way, \Nbut it was far from over.
If I mess up and get hit by an attack, \NI don't know how much damage these will do.
That's why I had to get this over with.
For my next attack, I set up a six block vertical jump.
All of my training with ice blocks \Npaid off and I made the jump.
Oh, okay.
I'm just gonna pretend I almost didn't slip off there.
I watched as the Ice Legend went \Nfor the jump, but failed once again.
This was the second attack in a row that I landed.
One more and it should be over.
But I got ahead of myself.
I attempted two five-block jumps \Nin a row, and I failed.
Oh, that's not good.
I should have just made my attack.
The Ice Legend set up \Na difficult three-jump combo and made it.
It was time to defend again.
I went for the combo, \Nbut I slipped off on the third jump.
The attack did seven hearts of damage.
If these combos get any harder, \NI could risk losing all ten hearts in one attack.
But if I land one more attack, I should win the battle.
And the only way to attack in this position \Nis to do a harder jump than that one.
Okay, it's time for a terrible idea.
I built the same attack, but added \Na 360 to the five-block diagonal jump.
Let's go, I cannot believe that worked.
This is a level of parkour I have not yet seen.
The risk paid off, and the Ice Legend \Nwas defenseless against the 360.
Looks like you've won the first battle.
I hope you know what you're doing.
You hope I know what I'm doing?
Wait, what does that mean?
But before he could answer, the Ice Legend \Nwas gone, and the parkour battle was over.
Why did the Ice Legend say that?
What did he mean by that?
I mean, I know I'm basically causing \Nthe destruction of Parkour Civilization,
but I don't know how he would know that.
Alright, doesn't matter, I'm still alive.
The blocks I used to fight \Nwith disappeared from my inventory,
and it was time to move on to the second battle.
Going into the next fight, I realized \NI was wearing my chain boots the entire time.
Since there was no point of trying \Nto blend in anymore with the parkour fighters,
I put back on my Champion boots \Nand started regenerating health.
Okay, having full hunger makes me feel much better \Nabout these parkour fights.
So basically, the only way I lose is \Nif I get hit by an attack that does ten hearts.
So let's just try not to do that.
It was time for the second fight.
I threw in the disc and summoned \Nthe Glass Legend of Parkour.
Yo, I'm finally free!
Let's go!
The old man said I'd be gone for a while, \Nbut I didn't think it would be that long.
Wait, wait, wait.
Did you say the old man, \Nas in, the Parkour Champion old man?
How do you know him?
Bro, I'm not here to answer any questions.
I'm just trying to parkour battle.
Okay?
I'm not sure what's up with these Parkour Legends,
but they clearly don't like to talk about anything.
But I always say you have to parkour \Nfor the truth sometimes.
So let's go and do that.
I turned around and the Glass Legend already had \Nan attack built, but he failed the attack.
It was now my turn, and beating the Ice Legend \Nwith a 360 made me realize something.
These Legends were Parkour Champions \Na long time ago,
and parkour jumps have evolved so much since then,
which is why it was time to start attacking \Nwith jumps from the new age.
I attacked with a one-and-a-half block \Nbackwards diagonal jump.
Even when the fate of the world is on the line, \NI'm not afraid to hit him with the Evbo special.
And it was no surprise \Nthat the Glass Legend didn't even get close.
Bro, why are you so good?
I started setting up a more difficult parkour combo.
If my parkour math is correct, \Nthis attack should be enough to win.
Come on, 360, two-block, 360.
Oh, let's go.
I gotta say, I love parkour battles.
As expected, the Glass Legend \Nof Parkour looked very discouraged,
and I had a feeling the battle was already over.
He set up the jumps, and he failed the first 360.
Uh, okay.
Hey, no offense, but how did \Nyou become a Parkour Champion?
All right, yeah, I wasn't cut out \Nfor such an important job.
Alright, bro, I hope you know what you're doing.
And, uh, when you see the next Parkour Champion, \Ncan you, uh, not mention my name?
Wait, why is this such an important job?
And he's gone, of course.
Ah, why do I have a feeling that there's \Nsomething important they're not telling me?
The Glass Legend said the old man said he'd be gone \Nfor a while, but what does that mean?
But that's when I remembered Seawatt's story.
If the old man did erase this \Nentire level of civilization,
maybe the Parkour Legends knew about it.
Okay, I could be onto something here, \Nbut let's just get past this third battle.
I threw in the disc and summoned \Nthe third Legend of Parkour.
So, it looks like you're almost at the top.
The battles must be tiring you out by now.
Uh, I don't know I'm feeling pretty good.
I mean, the Ice Legend was kind of hard but \Nthe Glass Legend didn't really fight back that much.
Bro, he was the second battle?
That guy was only the Parkour Champion \Nfor two hours before I beat him. He's terrible.
All right, whatever.
I can promise you you're not making it past me.
Bro, Parkour Champion for two hours?\NThat's embarrassing.
I'm kinda surprised he even \Ngot there in the first place.
It was time to battle the Crystal Legend of Parkour.
Crystals are some of the blocks \Nthat don't exist in Parkour Civilization.
So as of now, I have zero experience \Nwith building Crystal Parkour jumps.
But I had a feeling I was gonna have to adapt quickly.
The Crystal Legend built \Na three-jump parkour combo
that looked like something I've never done before.
I made the first jump, \Nbut I just barely missed the second jump.
The attack did seven \Nand a half hearts, so I was still alive,
but it was not a good confidence booster.
The Crystal Legend immediately went \Ninto his second parkour combo attack,
but that's when I saw the perfect opportunity \Nto put the battle in my hands.
I built the exact same parkour combo as he did, \Nand went back to my strategy
of adding the Evbo signature \Nmove whenever it was possible.
Changing the first jump to a 360 put \Nthe battle back in my favor.
Surprisingly, the Crystal Legend made the 360,
but didn't get enough momentum \Nfor the second jump.
My strategy was working \Nfor all of the Parkour Legends, so why change?
I attacked with a backwards \Ntwo-block jump into a backwards 360.
Honestly, I don't even know how I made \Nthat parkour combo.
Once again, the Crystal Legend \Nof Parkour was defenseless.
Well, there's nothing to say, \Nexcept I hope you know what you're doing.
Wait, what do you mean?
Good luck.
And just like that, the battle was won.
But that was the second Parkour Legend to tell me \Nthat they hope I know what I'm doing.
I just don't get it.
I feel like the answer is right in front of me, \Nbut I can't make sense of anything.
The Parkour Legends don't wanna talk, but why?
As far as they're concerned, I'm just trying to open \Nthe door to get back to Parkour Civilization.
Ah, this doesn't make sense, \Nbut let's just skip this last battle over with.
I threw in the disc to summon the final \NLegend of Parkour, the Legend of neo jumps.
Well, this is unexpected to be sure.
Nevertheless, here you are.
This is the last battle to open the door.
I wish you the best, whatever the outcome may be.
Wait, before we start, can you just tell me what \Nthe old man has to do with all of this?
I know there's something.
I'm afraid that's not for me to say, \Nbut if all goes right, you will never know.
I thought making it to the final Parkour Legend \Nwould give me some answers,
but it looks like that's not gonna be the case.
The two outcomes are I either live \Nwithout the truth or die without the truth,
so, obviously I'm gonna choose option one.
In this final battle, \Nthe Neo Legend let me attack first.
I started off the battle with a two-block neo jump, \Nbut the Parkour Legend didn't look worried.
He built the attack, but then added \Non another neo jump to the end.
Just by the look of it, I already knew that this \Nattack would deal heavy damage if I failed it.
But likewise, if I make a harder jump and I make it, \NI could end this battle with one attack.
Alright, that sounds like a plan.
Let's do two double Neos.
I made the jump harder and I went for it.
Come on!
No!
I hit the wall on the second jump, missing \Nthe counterattack, taking nine hearts of damage.
If that parkour attack was even slightly harder, \Nmy journey would have been over.
But the important thing is, \Nis it's not, and I must keep fighting.
Unfortunately, I was already under pressure again, \Nfacing an attack of six neo jumps in a row.
Okay, nice and easy, one at a time.
Three, four, come on, just one more,
Please, no!
I saw my life flash before my eyes, \Nas the attack took me down to half-a-heart.
I was losing this battle, and if it keeps going this way, \None more attack will be the end of me.
As of now, I don't see how I can beat \Nthe Neo Legend at neo Jumps,
which means I know how this is gonna end.
If I wanna open that door, I'm gonna \Nhave to do something extremely reckless.
This is quite possibly the worst idea I've ever had.
I watched as the Neo Legend built his next parkour \Ncombo, but I wasn't even worried about that.
I knew he would make the jumps.
After all, Neo jumps are his specialty.
What I was worried about was my jump.
I don't know if this is possible, \Nbut all I know is that if I make it, I win.
Of course, if I don't, well, \Nwe already know how that goes.
It's hard to rationalize this decision \Nbecause I'm basically doing all of this
just for Seawatt to destroy Parkour Civilization,
but it will save my friend and give me time \Nto find a way to save the world later.
All right, time to make this impossible jump.
I mean, this jump could potentially \Nchange our understanding of par—
Okay, I'm just gonna jump.
I jumped off the platform doing a 180 \Nand traveled around the block backwards.
Yep, of course.
What was I thinking?
Journey is over because I thought \NI could do a backwards neo ju—
Wait, I'm... alive.
I—I actually did it.
By some miracle, the backwards neo jump \Nchanged the entire parkour battle.
I have nothing left to say, except I yield.
I don't know who you are, but I hope you have \Nthe strength for what's to come.
The Neo Legend forfeited the battle and it was over.
I had beaten all four Parkour Legends, \Nand the door at the top of the staircase was open.
I survived, and now there was \Na way back to Parkour Civilization.
Except for a second, I forgot \Nthat I wasn't gonna be the one going back.
I had just barely finished the battle, \Nbut Seawatt was already waiting for me.
Oh man, well, I survived, but now I have to \Nwatch Parkour Civilization be destroyed.
I walked into the hallway that was \Nat the top of the Parkour Temple.
This reminds me of all of the times \Nthat I ranked up in Parkour Civilization.
Not that it counts for anything, \Nbut it's kind of cool that I ranked up again in a way.
I want you to know that everything I told you \Nwas true, except I left out one thing.
Couldn't have seen that one coming.
All right, what is it?
The old man's fight was supposedly with his friend.
With his friend?
Uh, okay.
Is there a point you're trying to get at?
I mean, are you about to come out \Nwith some crazy take
about how like we're friends \Nand we fight all the time, but it's okay?
I mean, you're literally about \Nto destroy Parkour Civilization.
I never said I would be the one \Nto destroy Parkour Civilization.
Wait, what?
So... what does that mean?
I started thinking about what Seawatt just said.
The old man had a fight with his friend?
Why does that mean something?
Wait, what did that old woman at the library say?
She thought she knew me, but... how could she?
I never blamed you for what you did.
I know it was a tough decision.
Okay, this woman does not know who I am, \Nbut I have no clue what she's talking about.
She knew where my friend was, too.
She gave me the book \Nthat talked about the prison he was in.
I assume you're here to get your friend, correct?
My—my friend?
You know where my friend is?
Wait a minute.
When I... saw her, I wasn't wearing my chain boots.
I was wearing my Champion boots.
...when the old man used the Command Blocks \Nto wipe out this entire level,
including everyone in it.
I never blamed you for what you did.
I know it was a tough decision.
The woman didn't know me.
She thought I was the old man.
And if she thought I was the old man, \Nshe wasn't talking about my friend being imprisoned.
The old man's fight was supposedly with his friend.
Can you believe that?
The old man let his battle with one person \Ncause my parents and plenty of others to die.
The old man removed this entire level \Nof civilization to imprison his friend.
Getting to the top of this temple was never \Na way back to Parkour Civilization.
It was a prison, and that means \NSeawatt's plan was never to get out.
It was to help free the person \Nthat the old man banished from Parkour Civilization.
What have I done.
So, the old man is gone.
That's a shame.
If only he was around to see what I'm gonna do.
The Parkour Civilization.
This is it. One final parkour battle to save the world.
The fate of Parkour Civilization is in my hands now.
And my opponent is one of the most \Nfearsome parkour fighters in all of history.
And I was the one who helped him escape.
I defeated every Parkour Legend thinking that I was \Nhelping Seawatt get back to Parkour Civilization.
I thought he was gonna be \Nthe one to destroy the world,
but it turns out that \Nwas never his plan to begin with.
His plan was to get me \Nto unleash something even worse.
Someone who had been banished \Nto this lost civilization.
What have I done?
Coming to this civilization was a mistake.
I don't know who this person is, \Nbut if the old man wiped out this entire level
just to imprison his friend, \Nit was probably for a good reason.
That plan took a lot of, well, planning.
And now, you get to watch \Nhow beautifully this unfolds.
You must be very proud.
Your plan was perfect.
You have everything you need.
So, now, give me back my friend.
Whoa, not yet, buddy.
Got one more thing to do first.
Why don't you go introduce yourself \Nto the Villain of Parkour?
The Villain of Parkour?
I walked up the steps to see \Nthe prisoner completely surrounded by lava.
I hear you were friends with the old man.
That makes two of us.
I'm surprised he didn't throw \Nyou away like he did to me.
If you were actually friends \Nwith the old man, then explain all of this.
Why would he wipe out an entire level \Nof civilization just to imprison one person?
He was scared of what I had discovered.
What was the term he used again?
Hmm, an illegal form of parkour.
Uh, forgive me for not understanding, \Nbut you said an illegal form of parkour?
What could you have discovered \Nabout parkour to make it illegal?
It's time.
Uh, what?
What I discovered is time.
Since the beginning, \Nparkour battles have always been
one move after another, \Nuntil I realized that they never had to be.
You see, if you challenge someone to a race, \Nit's the ultimate form of parkour fighting.
It's the idea that you are willing to risk everything, \Nthat you will not only make the jumps,
but you make them faster than your opponent.
A parkour race?
When I first came to this level of civilization, \None of the fighters challenged me to a battle.
He said that the battle would start \Nand end on a single block,
And when I didn't do the jumps, I would have died \Nif it wasn't for my Totem of Undying.
That wasn't just a regular parkour battle.
That was a parkour race.
How was an attack like that able to do ten hearts?
Racing has no limits.
Once you challenge someone to a race, \Nyou either win, or you die.
No in-between.
If that's true, then someone with \Nthat type of power could take over the entire world.
No one would be able to fight back.
And that's exactly why Seawatt's \Nbreaking him out of prison.
The old man must have known \Nthat parkour racing could destroy thousands of lives.
That's why he went through \Nsuch great lengths to make sure
that this type of parkour never made it back \Nto Parkour Civilization.
But now it's too late.
I let this evil back into the world.
What do you want?
What are you even gonna do to Parkour Civilization?
I'm going to do what I'd set out \Nto do a long time ago,
enlighten the world \Nwith my new form of parkour battles.
I turned around to see \Nthat Seawatt had built a parkour attack,
but this was something I've never seen before.
Seawatt said there's only \None more thing I have to do.
If I get hit by this parkour attack, \Nhe'll give me back my friend.
What is this attack?
Why are there armor stands?
And why do you need to hit me with the attack?
Uh, you know, I can't beat you in a fair fight,
and, I just wanna land a good hit on you.
I can't believe that even after Seawatt's plan worked,
he still feels the need to prove \Nthat he's better than me.
But it doesn't really matter at this point.
He has my friend, and I have to deal with \Nwhatever he throws at me so I can get him back.
He could be lying.
This attack might be enough to kill me, \Nbut I was willing to take that chance.
Thankfully, it barely did any damage.
Okay, great.
You got the satisfaction of hitting me \Nin a parkour battle, so can we be done now?
Who knew?
Armor stand attacks can take \Nthe boots right off of a player.
Even Champion boots.
In Seawatt's hand was a pair of Champion boots.
And they weren't just any pair.
They were mine.
My Champion boots were gone.
Just taken straight out of my inventory.
How is this possible?
What are you planning to do with those?
You can relax now.
Your time as the Champion is over.
I watched as Seawatt walked over to the Parkour \NVillain and threw the Champion boots at his feet.
Oh no, this is not good.
If the Parkour Villain gets access \Nto the Command Blocks,
there would be no stopping him.
Well, this is my ticket home.
And just like that, I was no \Nlonger the Parkour Champion.
I just gave the most dangerous player \Nin the world unlimited food
and access to the blocks \Nthat control Parkour Civilization.
Seawatt handed him blocks, and at that moment, \NI knew my journey was coming to an end.
Now, before I return to \NParkour Civilization, I need a good fight.
Yep, this is the end for me.
Throughout my life, I've overcome \Nthe most difficult situations,
but this is a fight that I don't think I can win.
I've never even done a parkour race before, \Nand I'm fighting against the person who invented it.
I don't know how I'm gonna do it, but I have to \Nfind a way to be faster than the Parkour Villain.
The odds are stacked against me, \Nbut as long as I'm still here,
I'll never stop fighting to save the world.
Well, let's do this.
I have to say, I'm going to enjoy watching this.
I finally get to see you crumble.
You, prepare for a parkour race.
You've served your purpose in this life.
I offer you a quick and merciless death.
The Parkour Villain didn't challenge me to a battle.
He challenged Seawatt.
Whoa, whoa, whoa! What are you doing?
I'm the one who helped you escape.
You, uh, clearly made a mistake.
I'm uh, just gonna take off before I—
What the?
What's... happening to me?
Why am I stuck?
I can't move.
I watched as Seawatt tried \Nto run away, but he couldn't.
Whatever the Parkour Villain \Nwas doing brought him back into the battle.
It was like a force he couldn't escape.
What was this power?
I didn't even know what to think.
Just a moment ago, I thought I was about to die.
And now, I'm watching one of my \Ngreatest enemies fight for his life.
The Parkour Villain didn't even start the race yet.
He was just watching Seawatt.
But then, he took off.
Before this, I had never seen someone move \Nso effortlessly through a parkour course.
Within the blink of an eye, \Nthe Parkour Villain was already at the last jump.
Please don't! I'll do anything!
I'll work for you! Just let me live!
The villain made the last jump and the race was over.
Seawatt lost.
I suppose I had this coming for me, didn't I?
For what it's worth, I was telling the truth \Nwhen I said I enjoyed working with you.
And just like that, the Parkour \NVillain had claimed his first victim.
Seawatt, the one who would betray me over and over \Nwas betrayed by his own plan.
Right when the battle was over,
the Parkour Villain didn't even acknowledge me \Nand started running away.
He must know a way back \Nto Parkour Civilization, right?
If that's the case, then there's still a chance \NI can catch up and battle him before he does.
Bro, did he seriously jump off the temple \Nwith no water bucket?
Oh man, this guy's insane, \Nbut I have to battle him, right?
I'm not gonna lie, I was a little relieved \Nthat he chose to battle Seawatt instead of me,
but I can't let him escape \Nwithout at least putting up a fight.
If I challenge him to a battle \Nbefore he challenges me to a race,
I might be able to keep the battle in my hands.
The Parkour Villain has been trapped here for years, \Nand he might know how to parkour race,
but I'm gonna bet he's never battled \Nagainst someone who can do 360s.
I made it down to the ground level \Nand I spotted the villain.
He looked like he knew where he was going, \Nso he must know the way back.
He was fast, but I managed to keep him in my sights.
I followed him all the way until we hit \Nthe edge of this level of civilization.
I don't understand.
There's nowhere left to go.
Alright, let's not waste any more time.
I only have one shot at this.
I quickly placed down three blocks \Nand I attacked with two three-block 360s.
This was it.
The battle had started \Nand there would be no turning back now.
This was life or death.
I was waiting for you to fight back.
A neat little trick you did there with the 360s.
Unfortunately, my knowledge of parkour is \Nbeyond your understanding.
The Parkour Villain didn't even look surprised \Nthat I attacked him with 360s.
Oh no, what did I get myself into?
I wasn't prepared for this.
The Parkour Villain built a chest jump.
And the worst part is, is he did a 360.
That's impossible.
I thought I was the only one who could do 360s.
My attack was erased.
It was all up to me to build a harder jump now.
The worst part about this fight is \Nthat we weren't on an even battlefield.
If this was an ordinary fighting space, \NI would try the longest parkour combo I could do.
But I don't have that option now.
I just have to do one very hard jump.
And that very hard jump is gonna be \Nthe three-block diagonal 360.
I went for one of the hardest \N360s I've ever done and I made it.
I still had a chance.
But then out of nowhere, I took damage.
The jump I built wasn't harder \Nthan the jump he built and I lost the attack.
Just as I expected.
The villain was looking inside of the chest \Nand I knew something was wrong.
Your downfall was your inability \Nto risk everything you had.
Risk everything I had?
But that's when I noticed I had nothing.
Every single thing I had in my inventory was gone.
No water bucket, no blocks to fight with.
And that's when I knew \Nthe Parkour Villain stole all of them
when he attacked me with the chest jump.
This fight was over and I lost.
So that's it then, right?
You have all of my blocks.
I can't fight back.
How are you even gonna get home?
These boots are the only way out of here.
You could have left at any time you wanted.
I suppose it was your destiny to deliver them to me.
Why aren't you attacking me?
Why don't you just finish the job already?
The old man isn't around anymore.
And the only one left to pay for his sins is you.
I want you to know what it's like to suffer, \Nto waste away here for years,
to be forgotten, just like I was.
Only when you are on your last breath, \NI will return to finish the job.
The Parkour Villain turned around \Nand jumped into the air, disappearing.
This was the end.
The Champion boots were the only way back \Nto Parkour Civilization.
Now, I'm stuck here with nothing, \Nand there's no one left to stop him.
Just like I remembered it,
and now it's mine.
Oh, well, here we are.
This is my last chance to save Parkour Civilization.
I have to be the one to summon the Parkour God.
Apparently, nobody has ever successfully \Nsummoned him before, but I've met him.
I know he's real, and I just need him \Nto come back one more time.
Because, let's face it, I destroyed the world.
I let one of the most evil Parkour Villains escape,
and death and destruction \Nfollow him everywhere he goes.
I thought I was the champion of parkour, \Nbut my parkour abilities
were nothing compared to the Parkour Villain's.
I was completely humiliated, \Nlike I was just another Parkour Noob,
and all I could do was sit \Nand watch as the villain took all of my blocks
and escaped back to Parkour Civilization.
And I was left here to suffer, \Njust like the villain did all of these years.
In all of my time in Parkour Civilization, \NI've never experienced defeat like this.
I mean, it only took one jump \Nfor the Parkour Villain to take every block I had.
It was like he knew every move I was gonna do, \Nand all I could do was just sit there and watch.
I started grabbing every block that I could.
Yes, it's true, I may be stuck here forever, \Nbut my friend is still in the middle of a parkour battle.
If I gather enough blocks, \Nmaybe he'll have enough resources to win.
I just need these to not fall in the void—
Okay, well, I guess two chests is all I have.
All right, so basically, my friend is gonna \Nhave to win the parkour battle in one attack.
And of course, that is, if he's even alive still.
I started making my way back \Nto the Parkour Temple.
Fortunately, when I got there, \NI saw that my friend was still floating over the void.
I didn't have a plan.
I was gonna have to use \Nthe two chests and improvise,
but that's when I remembered, \Nthis wasn't my only option.
There might be a way to get more blocks.
I almost forgot that I had an ally.
We got separated when I fell into Seawatt's trap, \Nbut he still should be alive.
I went to the place where my ally \Nwas going to find Seawatt,
and I found him standing \Nin the middle of the battlefield.
Hey, uh, are you alright, man?
What happened here?
It was an ambush.
I thought I would find Seawatt here, \Nbut all I found was a fight.
I barely survived, but I have nothing left.
No more blocks to fight with.
Well, that answered my question.
The only other place I know of blocks is \Nat the very top of the Parkour Temple,
but, I don't have a water bucket anymore.
It's just too risky.
If only I could get the Parkour God to come back \Nand help us out or something.
Other than that, I have no ideas.
Wait, you might be onto something.
If you actually believe you can summon \Nthe Parkour God, then follow me.
Uh, wait, I was kind of joking, but alright.
I started to follow the parkour fighter.
At first, I thought we were going back to the library,
but then I realized he was going further than that.
A few moments later, we arrived at a building, \Nand I saw a giant statue of the Parkour God.
The parkour fighter said \Nthat people would come to this building
to try to get their prayers \Nanswered by the Parkour God.
Okay, so you said people \Nwould come here all the time,
and they just summoned the Parkour God?
People would come here, yes, but no one \Nhas been able to summon the Parkour God.
Apparently, the last jump you need to do is \Nto jump into the void, and no one was willing to.
Great, so I have to die to summon the Parkour God.
Well, I mean, I'm stuck here forever, \Nso it's either die now or die later.
If you do choose to go for it, good luck.
I'm gonna go look for more blocks.
It's been nice knowing you.
Okay, if I didn't know any better, I would say
that his tone sounds like he \Nthinks I'm not coming back.
So, from what I know, no one \Nhas been able to summon the Parkour God
because of the last jump in this course.
But I have some idea \Nthat it might be different for me.
Back in Parkour Civilization, \Nno one even thought the Parkour God really existed.
But I saw him with my own two eyes.
He gave me the Champion boots to save the world.
He came back before to save my life, \Nand maybe he'll do it one more time.
And who knows, maybe \Nif he does show up, he'll give me blocks,
and he'll show me a way out of here.
I just have to make sure not to miss a single jump \Nbefore I even get to the summoning part.
I barely made two three-and-a-half \Nblock vertical jumps,
and now I had to do, of course, water parkour?
You know, you would think jumping \Ninto the void would be enough, but noooo!
Instead, I have to not die accidentally, \Nand then I have to die on purpose.
How does that make any sense?
When I first arrived on this level of civilization, \NI was forced to do water jumps to escape.
And now, hopefully, this is \Nthe last time I'll be doing water jumps.
I made the last jump, and I was standing \Nat the base of the Parkour God statue.
A few feet in front of me stood a door, \Nand when I walked up to it,
it opened, just like all \Nof the Parkour Temple doors did.
I walked inside the room, and I saw nothing.
All that was inside this room was \Na giant hole in the middle of the floor.
And of course, it went straight to the void.
And this is the part when I began to realize \Nthat I think my ally was telling the truth.
Unless I can somehow miraculously \Nmake a five-block jump,
it seems pretty clear that the only thing \Nto do here is to jump straight into the void.
Oh man, I can't believe I'm about to do this.
Alright, Parkour God, if you're listening, \Nplease send me some help.
I backed up and I jumped into the hole \Nwith no blocks below me.
But just as I was about to enter the void,
I felt my feet hit slime blocks \Nand I bounced up onto a ladder.
Okay, that was not what I was expecting to happen.
I didn't know how I was still alive.
The blocks just appeared out of nowhere.
Well, okay, if the Parkour God's advice was
to stop me from jumping into the \Nvoid, I guess I got help.
But I soon realized that my prayers were answered.
Standing in front of me was \Na familiar figure, wearing diamond boots.
You know, it doesn't take much \Nto convince you to jump into the void.
You should really think these things through.
I don't get it. How are you standing there?
I saw you die. How is this possible?
You asked the Parkour God for help, so he sent me.
The Parkour God heard me!
You look like you've been through a lot.
Let's talk.
So it is true then.
You removed this entire level of civilization just \Nto imprison the Parkour Villain?
I mean, wasn't there any other way to stop him?
The only other way was to beat him \Nin a parkour race, and I couldn't.
So instead, I had to deal with \Nthe consequences of my actions my entire life.
I'm sorry, Evbo.
It's fine. I—I actually understand.
There was nothing you could do.
I mean, if anyone's to blame in this situation, it's me.
I was the one who let him out.
Everyone in Parkour Civilization would \Nhave been fine if I wasn't so reckless.
And now I lost my Champion boots.
Those were the only ticket out of here.
You may not have your Champion boots anymore, \Nbut there is still a way out of here.
I can go home?
Tell me how.
You know what they say, sometimes jumping \Nin the void can save your life.
I mean, no one has said that before, \Nbut in this case, it might have just saved mine.
I have a way back to Parkour Civilization, but first,
I just need to get my friend \Nout of this parkour battle.
I walked up to my friend, expecting to see \Nthe parkour fighter waiting with his attack.
But he wasn't here.
Uh, what's going on?
Where is the guy that attacked you?
You're not gonna believe this, but he fell in the void.
From what I can see, he's never \Ncoming back, but the problem is,
is that his attack still stands, and I'm at half-a-heart.
The parkour fighter fell into the void during \Na battle, but even if he's gone,
his attack might hit you \Nif you don't do a harder jump.
Exactly, so that means \Nthe only way I can get out of this
is if you build me a jump \Nthat's harder than the attack.
Alright, I got very limited blocks, \Nso it's time to do some parkour analysis.
I'm not gonna lie, this jump is going to be hard.
The parkour fighter attacked you \Nwith a three-and-a-half block vertical jump.
Okay, that's not great news, \Nbut I think we might just be able to work with this.
I placed down one of the chests.
Now, my friend could do a three-and-a-half \Nblock diagonal downwards jump.
Okay, we still have a problem.
Your jump is going downwards, \Nand that attack is going upwards,
which means yours is still easier.
I don't see how I could use \Nthe other chest I have to build a harder jump,
so that means... you're not gonna like this.
You have to do a 360.
No way, man!
I can't do a three-and-a-half block\N diagonal 360! Are you crazy?
I'm sorry. This is the only way.
You have to make this to survive.
Oh, I never thought it would end like this, \Nbut at least I'll go out doing a 360.
There was nothing more I could do at this point.
All I could do was watch.
I wish you never made 360s.
I watched as my friend jumped \Nand made the 360 onto the chest.
For the first time in days, \Nboth me and my friend were safe.
Let's go!
See, not that hard. I knew you could do it.
My friend was saved, and now \Nthere was only one thing left to do,
and that was return to Parkour Civilization.
I didn't find any blocks, but it looks \Nlike you didn't need them anyways.
So what happens now?
I may have a way back to Parkour Civilization, \Nand the way back was in front of us the whole time.
The old man told me there would be a room \Nbehind the Champion statue
inside the Parkour Temple, just like \Nthe secret room back in Parkour Civilization.
Sure enough, the room was here \Nand it was nothing except for five parkour jumps.
The old man apparently made this as a last resort.
So you're jumping in the void on purpose?
Apparently, and surprisingly \Nfor the second time today.
The old man said that only by failing the fourth jump
will I be able to make it back to Parkour Civilization.
I gave my friends the blocks that I had.
I would be going on this journey alone so they \Nwere better off in their hands than mine.
From their perspectives they won't know \Nif I had died or made it back home.
So all they could do was just wait for me.
My friend gave me his last piece of food \Nto take on my journey.
If I was gonna die in the void I might \Nas well not die on an empty stomach.
Alright, let's jump into the void \Nfor the second time today.
I'm really hoping I remembered \Nthe old man's words correctly.
It was the fourth jump, wasn't it?
Of course, there's nothing down there \Nto let me know if I'm in the right spot or not.
Wait, maybe it wasn't the fourth jump.
Maybe it was the fifth.
Oh man, why am I forgetting now?
This was quite literally \Nthe only thing I had to remember.
If I die and the entire world gets destroyed \Nbecause I couldn't remember one number,
Well, I guess no one would know it was me, right?
Okay, I just gotta choose one.
I think it's number four.
This was it.
This was the only way back, \Nand the only way back was to fail a jump.
Let's just hope I failed the right one.
I was falling through the void, \Nbut then I felt ground under my feet.
When I jumped, I thought my journey was over.
But I soon realized that there was more to my story.
I was standing in the place \Nwhere my journey first began.
This was my home.
Parkour Civilization.
And I was gonna be the one to save it again.
Today could very well be my \Nlast day in Parkour Civilization.
If I wanna save the world, I'll have to risk everything.
I was the one who let the Parkour villain escape,
and if he gets his hands on the Command Blocks, \Nhe'll be able to destroy the world.
So, plan A, I cannot let him get to \Nthe top of Parkour Civilization.
But it was at that moment I realized \Nmy plan might have already been over.
I was down at the Noob level of Parkour Civilization,
but no matter where I looked, I saw nothing.
Every building that used to be here was just gone.
I could tell by the holes in the ground \Nthat a neighborhood used to be here.
This was the neighborhood \Nwhere I grew up in, and it's all gone.
I knew that this only meant one thing.
The Parkour Villain has already made it to the top
and is using the Command Blocks \Nto reshape Parkour Civilization.
Oh man, this is not good.
Well, plan A is out the window.
It's time to start thinking of a new one.
It's crazy to think that my \Nentire life started in this temple.
If I had never failed this \None-block jump at the beginning,
I don't think I would have become \Nthe Parkour Champion that I am today.
I might have just lived my life \Nas a Parkour Pro, comfortable and happy.
But where would be the fun in that?
At least now I get a near-death experience every \Nfive minutes, and credit for saving the world.
Hopefully twice, if I pull this one off.
I made it up to the Pro level of Parkour Civilization.
I looked around, and nothing seemed different, \Nexcept for the fact that,
well, the statue didn't have my head anymore.
Alright, I'm gonna guess that was a personal \Ndesign choice by the Parkour Villain himself.
Just like the Noob layer, everything I remember \Nfrom the Pro layer was gone.
Except this layer was different, and now \Nthere were buildings that I've never seen before.
This is the spot where all \Nof the Pro houses should be,
but now there's just one platform \Nwith parkour jumps on it.
And not only that, the parkour jumps \Nare identical to each other.
This wasn't just a fight, this was a parkour race.
I thought back to what the Parkour Villain said.
He said that he wanted to enlighten the world \Nwith his new form of parkour.
If I had to guess, I would say he did just that.
All of the buildings surrounding \Nthe platform looked like prisons.
But after checking every one of them, \Nthere was no one inside of them.
No one was here.
I couldn't help but think of two \Nterrible ideas of what happened.
Either one, the Parkour Villain \Nwiped out every Pro by himself,
or two, he made the Parkour Pros fight each other.
No matter what happened, the fact remains \Nthat the prison cells are empty.
So that leaves me to believe that the Pros are gone.
But that doesn't mean that the Parkour Masters are.
If the outcomes I believe happened were true, \Nit makes sense the Parkour Pros
wouldn't stand a chance against the Parkour Villain.
But the Parkour Masters know how to fight.
And if they can fight, maybe there's a chance \Nthat they've been able to stay alive.
I made it up to the Master level of civilization.
Only one more layer and—
Bro, really? My statue got destroyed again?
Alright, once I get my hands back \Non the Command Blocks,
I gotta build like 50 of those.
Even though I was on the Master level of civilization,
everything looked exactly \Nthe same as the layer below.
The entire parkour city I worked so hard \Nto make was completely wiped out,
and once again replaced with a platform \Nthat had parkour race courses on it.
I looked around, but didn't see anybody.
But that's when I realized that these prisons \Nwere different than the layer below.
All of these prison cells still had doors on them.
The Masters might still be alive.
You.
You just don't know when to give up, do you?
Standing directly behind me was \Nthe Parkour Villain himself.
I can only imagine you escaped \Nwith the help of the Parkour God.
That is quite unfortunate.
I wasn't expecting the fight \Nto get here so soon, but here it was.
It's time to risk everything \Nto save Parkour Civilization.
All right, let's parkour race.
This course right here.
I'm afraid not.
Wait, what?
Why not?
So now you're too scared to fight?
What happened to all the stuff you \Nwere saying about willing to risk everything?
Sounds to me like you think you're gonna lose.
You of all people should know \Nthat course is below people like you and I.
If I were to race you, the course would be terrifying.
But I'm not going to.
I'm just going to use the Command Blocks \Nto wipe you out for good.
You can try to stop me, \Nbut it looks like your hands are full.
The Parkour Villain wasn't even gonna fight me.
He was just gonna wipe me out \Nwith the Command Blocks.
What did he mean when he said \Nit looks like my hands are full?
But at that moment, I heard something, \Nand I looked over at one of the prison cells.
One of the doors had opened, \Nand standing in the doorway was a Parkour Master.
He started jumping towards me.
Hey, what's going on?
Are you alright?
What happened to all the other Parkour Masters?
Are they still alive?
I'm sorry, Evbo, but the new Champion \Nhas ordered me to race you in this parkour course.
He ordered you to race me?
Why would you do that??
If I don't, he'll race me himself, \Nand I don't wanna end up like the others.
Then don't, okay?
Look, as soon as you challenge me \Nto a parkour race, one of us will die.
And you're not gonna beat me, so why don't you \Njust give me time to defeat the Parkour Villain,
and then we'll all be okay?
Just don't challenge me and trust me.
I can do this.
I'm sorry, Evbo, but racing you seems \Nlike my best option to stay alive.
I challenge you to a parkour race.
And just like that, after those words \Nwere said, I could do nothing.
Both of us were locked into a parkour race, \Nmeaning once one of us finishes the course,
the other one will die no matter what.
This is exactly what the Parkour Villain wanted.
He introduced this illegal form of parkour \Nand now he gets to watch and laugh
as I fight to the death \Nwith the people that I'm trying to save.
The worst part is is that the Parkour Villain knows
that these Parkour Masters are no match for me.
All he wants is to watch me \Nsuffer as I eliminate my friends.
After doing the last two neo jumps, \NI knew the parkour race was over.
Part of me wanted to just stop \Nright here before the last jump
and let the Parkour Master win, but I knew I couldn't.
If I ended my journey right here, then no one \Nwould be able to stop the Parkour Villain,
and many more lives would be lost.
After I made the final jump of the parkour race, \Nthe Parkour Master was gone,
and the fight was over.
But the fight against \Nthe Parkour Villain hadn't even begun.
If I don't get to the top \Nof Parkour Civilization quickly enough,
the villain will use the Command Blocks \Nto delete me from this world,
and I'll have no chance to save these people.
Which means there's no time to waste.
The last time I saved the world, I actually had a plan.
But now, I have no plan, no blocks to fight with,
and I just realized I have no way up to the top.
Oh, I'm so done for.
I didn't even realize \Nthat my Champion boots were gone,
and only the Parkour Champion can see \Nthe path up to the top.
But that doesn't mean it's not here.
Oh no, I have a really bad idea.
Okay, I'm 99% sure this is \Nwhere the first jump starts.
If I get this wrong, well, it was a good life.
I jumped into the air expecting \Nto be falling, but I wasn't.
The path to the top of Parkour Civilization was here.
I just couldn't see it without my Champion boots on.
If this idea didn't work, saving \Nthe world would have been impossible,
but now it's just slightly less impossible.
Oh man, I have to do so many invisible jumps.
Oh, this is not gonna be easy.
Only thing I could do was rely on my memory \Nof the parkour course up to the top.
Luckily, I've made this journey numerous times \Nover the course of my life,
but still jumping on invisible blocks \Nis very much not preferred.
Only a few more jumps \Nand I was inside the Parkour Temple,
but with how long this journey has been taking, \NI feel like I could be deleted in any second.
After all, the Parkour Villain does specialize in racing.
I made the final jump, \Nand I was inside the Parkour Temple.
With no sign of the Parkour Villain, \NI can only assume he made it to the top,
which means this could be the end for me.
Well, if I randomly disappear, \NI guess I get to add an invisible parkour course
to my list of accomplishments, but I wasn't gone yet.
I scaled the temple until I was at the very top.
He must be on the Command Blocks, right?
There's no way he—
Wait, what... is that?
On the other side of the Parkour Temple, \Nthere was some structure built,
and the Parkour Villain was waiting for me.
So, I take it there's a reason I'm still alive?
What, did you wanna get one \Nlast supervillain monologue
before you used the Command Blocks \Nto wipe me out?
I was never going to defeat you like that.
I just needed you to follow me.
Now, you will experience \Nthe true pain of a parkour race.
I now realized what the structure in front of me was.
It was a parkour race, and it would be my last chance \Nto save Parkour Civilization.
Some part of me was relieved because \Nif I was gonna be deleted by the Command Blocks,
well, I had no plan to stop that.
But now, the course of action is simple.
Win the parkour race.
This is without a doubt \Nthe most difficult race in parkour history.
I want you to feel the sense of dread as you \Nwatch me get closer and closer to the finish line,
knowing no matter how hard you try, \Nyou will never catch up to me.
I commend you for making it this far, \Nbut I cannot entertain this any longer.
Let's begin.
This was it.
The hardest parkour race in history against one of \Nthe most fearsome parkour fighters of all time.
There's nothing to save me now.
Miss one jump and it's over.
Make the jump slower \Nthan the Parkour Villain and I die.
Meaning I can't hold anything back in this fight.
Maybe I'm not good enough \Nto beat the Parkour Villain,
but someone once told me that as long \Nas you can parkour, there is always a way.
The parkour race had begun.
I did the first three jumps without stopping, \Nbut the Parkour Villain had matched my speed.
This race was only gonna get more difficult,
and the only way I could get \Na lead on the Parkour Villain
is by doing the most difficult jumps \Nwith virtually no stopping.
I barely stayed on after the ice block jump.
And now it was time for a chain neo, \Nwhich the Parkour Villain did effortlessly.
I made the chain neo myself \Nand made the drop down to the ladder.
It was time to speed things up.
I made a four-and-a-half block jump into \Na six-and-a-half block jump onto a candle.
Now was my time to take the lead.
I quickly made the two-block neo jump \Nand immediately went onto the glass jumps.
The Parkour Villain told me I lost \Nthe battle with him before
because of my inability to risk everything I had.
But right now, in this battle, \NI wasn't holding anything back.
I stopped at a difficult neo jump.
I needed momentum for this.
I looked back and I had \Na sizable lead against the Parkour Villain.
I could do this.
I went backwards one jump and used \Nthe momentum to make the three-block neo jump.
This was my time.
This was my—
and that's when my heart dropped.
The feeling of hope I had in this \Nbattle came and went in seconds.
My side of the parkour battle wasn't finished \Nand the end to the race was just a few jumps away.
I was set up from the beginning.
The Parkour Villain never \Nintended on me finishing this race.
He got what he wanted, \Nand that was to make me suffer.
All I could do from this point \Non was watch as my life slowly came to an end.
This was how I was gonna go out.
In a few jumps, the Parkour Villain \Nwould make it to the platform,
and my life would cease to exist.
To be honest, with everything that's happened \Nin my life, I didn't think I would make it this far.
With every battle and every \Nparkour course I've had to do,
I always thought that a jump would be my last.
And you know what?
I've made some pretty \Nimpossible jumps, which is why
I'm not gonna leave Parkour Civilization\N by just standing still.
I'm gonna end this journey with one final jump.
So, this is what the end feels like.
Wow, feels... weird.
It feels like I'm still alive.
No, but I'm probably dead, right?
Yeah, I'm definitely dead.
I mean, I jumped into the void. \NHow would I not be dead?
You are very much still alive.
In that moment, I heard a voice \Nthat I've heard one time in my life before.
It was the voice of the Parkour God.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Did you say I'm alive?
Wait, how is that even possible?
Why did you jump?
Why did I jump?
You knew there was no block to land on, \Nyet you jumped anyways.
Well, I don't know. I mean, I had no options.
And, didn't you hear my inner monologue?
I kinda wanted that to be my \Nlast jump in Parkour Civilization.
That's not it.
You were prepared to sacrifice your life \Nfor Parkour Civilization.
And perhaps I should do the same.
I'm sorry, uh, Mr. Parkour God, \Nbut if I'm still alive, does that mean
there's still a way I can go back and save the world?
You may leave anytime you want.
Just fail a jump and you can go back.
I can go back and save everyone!
Thank you, Parkour God.
I promise I won't waste this chance.
So eager to leave already?
I guess my golly words are of no value to you.
No, no, no. That's not it.
Sorry. I—I thought you were done.\N Please—please continue.
Throughout my life, I have never bothered \Nto interfere with the events of Parkour Civilization.
I was afraid of what might happen \Nif I were to introduce my power to the world.
Wait, but you gave me the Champion boots \Nlast time I needed to save the world.
Didn't you interfere then?
I was merely a messenger.
The old man wanted his boots to go to you.
And all I did was deliver them.
So why tell me all of this?
And why bring me here?
Because I have found my successor.
You have convinced me that there are \Nthose in this world worthy of wielding my power.
And you will continue my legacy by inheriting \Nthis power and passing it onto future generations.
Whoa, okay, hold on.
You said I will inherit your power?
What power is that?
You will become parkour.
I'm sorry, did you just say "become parkour?"
That doesn't make any sense.
I'm a godly figure that rarely shows up.
I'm not supposed to make any sense.
And just like that, the Parkour God \Nvanished into thin air.
I'm gonna inherit the Parkour God's power?
What does this even mean?
Okay, I guess now is not the time \Nto think about it too much.
All that matters now is that I can \Nfinish this race and save the world.
From the beginning, \NI've always had to jump to survive.
And well, I'm still jumping.
Oh!
How... did I just do that?
Did the Parkour God just put the ladder here for me?
Oh, I am still alive.
I am still alive.
How is this possible?
Wait, netherite boots?
No, I'm the one who made the ladder.
What?
That's impossible.
Hahaha!
No, it is definitely possible.
Now, let's see how this works.
All right, just place as I go.
This is what parkour should feel like.
Okay, what do we have here?
I think I can build all that.
I can see the finish line.
I'm not giving up now.
Come on, just five more jumps.
Let's do this.
Oh, it's over.
Oh my gosh, it's over.
Oh, that one really came down to the wire.
I kind of wish someone saw that 360 at the end.
That was kinda cool.
Oh, my body is sore.
My shoulder kind of hurts from that ladder clutch.
Should it be hurting?
I thought I'm the Parkour God now.
I feel like I shouldn't be able to feel pain.
Can... I even die?
Should I test it out right now?
No, no, that's a terrible idea.
I should not test that out.
Man, why do the Command Blocks \Nhave to be a four-block jump?
It's not that hard.
Come on, you'll get used to it.
Besides, you're the new Parkour Champion.
You should be doing that in your sleep.
All right, let's see how this attempt went.
Eh, nope, you still messed it up again.
Okay, so this time you built barely half a house, \Nand it's also like 50 blocks up in the air.
That's fine, don't sweat it.
Not everyone gets it on their first try.
I don't get it.
I'm thinking of a house, \Nand it's not building the house.
Why are these things so hard to use?
Yeah, it's more of an imagination thing.
I don't know. You just gotta think harder.
I mean, I got it on my first try. Haha.
Yeah, of course you did, bro.
So what are you gonna do now that \Nthe world doesn't need saving anymore?
What are you supposed to do as the Parkour God?
That's the thing.
I don't have to do anything.
If the world needs saving, I'll be there to save it.
But for now, I just wanna parkour.
I've been a Parkour Noob.
I've been a Parkour Pro.
I've been a Master.
And I've been a Parkour Champion.
And every one of those roles came with expectations
about where I should go or what I should do.
But now the only one \Nto decide those things for me is myself.
So all I'm gonna do is parkour
and if that leads me back to saving \NParkour Civilization again, then so be it.
From now on, the only path I'm following is my own.
I make my own jumps.
